"if you don't know your way, call me" 
 a bear trap but for your feelings 
 drink honey lemon and tea when you lose your voice or mind 
 singing_ghosts hanging out with God 
 Boys Will Be Toys 
 the year is 2023. we're married and have more pets than sex 
 sex is that thing where you let them have the last buffalo wing, right? 
 I'm actually on the hunt for a boy so obsessed with himself that he will cut off his dick bc of my criticisms 
 sext: 
 us eating flowers 
 I've had this dog for 3 days. here are some fond memories: us at the lake. us in the car. us in the fall. 
 one man's middle of nowhere is another man's lover 
 I have this reoccurring fantasy where you crawl into bed with me and I pretend I'm sleeping and you keep your back against mine 
 u take drugs to get through college so u can work a life where months feel shorter bc u don't wanna burden anyone w the cost of yr funeral 
 hands and knees twitter 
 covet me 
 reply with photos of your legs 
 I wanna drink from your porcelain hands 
 started from the bottom now I'm addicted to BDSM 
 started from the bottom now I'm addicted to BDSM 
 I keep imagining you opening your hands like you're gonna show me a lightning bug but it's just moss in the folds of your palms 
 I wish flowers would grow through the cracks of our skin the way they do in old sidewalks 
 "I felt so bad cause I didn't know how to feel bad enough" 
 she's got her feet on me knowing I wish she were someone else 
 you act like you're the first person to compare a girl to something that's dead 
 the goal this weekend is to wake up in a hospital bed 
 harmful aggression when all I want is your gentleness 
 how do you take yourself seriously when you always smile in the mirror 
 
 CRYING BC I GOT THE SLEATER-KINNEY TICKETS 
 if you ever get stuck in handcuffs, you can use the end of the ink cartridge from a BIC pen as a key. you're welcome 
 got on Facebook today to warn everyone one day they're gonna wake up 43 
 hey girl is that a knife in your pocket or are you just h- oh shit I'm sorry I'm sorry 
 right on time dude 
 I'm sorry sometimes I imagine you undressing 
 all that matters at the end of the day is you made it to the end of that day 
 sometimes my mom calls me crying bc she's afraid I won't live up to my full potential but I don't have the heart to tell her that I am 
 sometimes my mom calls me crying bc she's afraid I won't live up to my full potential but I don't have the heart to tell her that I am 
 the thought of having a baby terrifies me bc I still want someone to hold me like one no matter how humiliating that is for me to say 
 I once hired a sex worker to play hangman with me and the first word she made me guess was 'idiosyncratic' and I got it in 3 tries 
 it's weird when the thought of someone just walking into the room turns you on 
 something I wish someone told me when I was 16 is it's okay to kiss with your lips closed 
 I'm high and logged on. 
 when you're dead someone is going to find something you won't be able to be ashamed of and that's the most terrifying thing to me 
 mystery becomes irrelevant once you're dead 
 the bottom of a bottle becomes painfully literal & you're 27 alone in your apartment unable to decide what you feel like eating so you don't 
 found an excuse not to go anywhere thank you for sending me this adorable lost dog whose home I need to find now 
 if I don't get to livetweet my first intervention I am going to be so mad 
 she used to pretend I was the dangerous one 
 anxiety keeps me young 
 I don't kill bugs I kill boys 
 dick or treat 
 I love smelling something randomly that smells like someone I haven't seen smile in years 
 I wish kittens could run for president 
 same 
 bruh my dog's a total traitor. someone sleeps over and he's like "peace Audrey I'm sleeping with her" 
 I was reading but then I fell in love 
 I was reading but then I fell in love 
 smh should mean sighing my heart 
 raindrops on rooftops and kittens on mittens 
 From Her To Eternity 
 you wanna know what's cool? getting an education without making anyone cry 
 today's book 
 I think about you in the worst ways; your body dissolves into mine, we sleep like this every night. your palms kiss my jawline before you do 
 best 2014 twitter couple 
 "you don't have to end up with people who self destruct. go find a lover who will never leave" 
 AM I CRAZY OR DO YOU WANNA KISS ME 
 surprising @teddy_mccoll with flowers 
 this is basically my new favorite thing to do to everyone's selfies @priya_ebooks 
 stay spooky 
 #wcw back when I met @greenhousegoth and she didn't believe in ghosts 
 everyone is like "ah, we're so insignificant when you think about it" but the fact you can think about it is what makes you significant 
 hey how u doin lil mama? lemme whisper in yr ear tell you sumthin that u might like to hear 
 *drops her bag* 
 drake's doing an acoustic tour?? 
 do we sneeze in our sleep 
 I'm all the pages you've used to make your pen work. just tops and corners of circles and non sense, half ink and half imprint 
 I wanna be the part of you that died 
 the worst breed of girls as if we're dogs???? 
 the worst breed of girls as if we're dogs???? 
 I don't love New York 
 you'd make Helen of Troy weak 
 you look in the mirror. it's you in 15 years. in the reflection is someone's room you loved. they're dead. you're visiting their parents 
 what if before we're born we're given the option of who we want to be and the life we are living now was the least cruel choice? 
 wtf tho 
 why do you limit me to mediums that give me too much room to relax 
 sighing hard 
 thanks for your sacrifice but I only talk to strangers on the internet 
 good shuffle IMO 
 I look like the sun is afraid of me. 
 Realism vs. Nihilism 
 my spine is a tower of books neatly stacked for you to dismantle when you're aroused 
 thank you for your support in the whole two days I've quit smoking. this also goes for coffee. and I am not holding up well. 
 good morning. don't feel bad 
 yes the answer is yes 
 it me and I'm never gonna love anyone who wants to be loved 
 I want you to make my arms a church 
 I want you to make my arms a church 
 
 hey girl are you claustrophobic bc you're gonna be stuck in my head for awhile 
 can you imagine what it must be like to be full of yourself? 17 versions of you just talking all at once. I hope they sleep sometimes 
 I want to feel good again 
 I took a handful of Xanax hoping I would sleep for rest of the day and night and maybe tomorrow 
 it's my party and I'll die if I want to 
 "it's a hard place. we can't be friends, we can't be enemies." 
 the kind of girl you whisper about in church 
 I am in tears. I never thought this day would come. oh my god. my favorite band oh my god 
 I don't believe in leather unless I'm being beat or strangled with it 
 drake walks into a bar 
 you should be your own MVP 
 twitter witch trials 
 people who live in glass houses should fill it with water and make a giant fish tank wow that would be adorable 
 is this an exorcism or are you just happy to see me 
 cuckold romance 
 the girl I love wants to bury me alive 
 the girl I love wants to bury me alive 
 fall in love with how violent I am 
 read before kissing 
 I peed my pants in front of my 1st grade class bc the teacher wouldn't let me go to the bathroom and I've been embarrassingly spiteful since 
 remember to tip your waitresses not just for their service but for their patience with customers who treat them like they're meat 
 the live/love autocorrect is the most important typo ever 
 where do you love 
 Everything You Love Will Die And You Need To Stop Apologizing To People You're Afraid Will Leave, the autobiography of the century 
 sometimes when I can't get myself together I think about tiny giraffes that fit in the palm of my hands 
 intimacy is trying to do the dishes quietly because they're sleeping two rooms away 
 I'm actually like hella adorable and sweet and I wanna kiss your legs like I'm kissing you goodbye & maybe you should de-marbleize yourself 
 I made a twitter to find sad girls to hook up with 
 when people call me weird they act like they're the first person to say it. this is also true for I Love You, and You Need To Sleep More 
 just a girl in love with herself 
 inspirational quotes annoy me bc honesty is supposed to hurt 
 is sex that thing you do when you're both reminded you won't live forever 
 I Made Myself Upset And I'm Supposed To Be Sleeping, a true story 
 just a girl in love with an idiot 
 just a girl in love with an idiot 
 wanna take this moment to appreciate Nicki Minaj for the line "you'll never be Jordan, you couldn't even be Pippen" 
 yeah, idiot. 
 just a girl with a bottle of whiskey talking to her dog a lot 
 we are all hot and funny 
 your house is on fire. you can only save what you love most. you watch as the flames swallow your bedroom and wait for it to take you 
 I look like I need God. 
 when a group of people are talking and you're trying to be a part of the conversation 
 if I get put in jail and only have one phone call I'm just gonna ask if I can make a tweet instead 
 s/o to everyone who fights the system by going down one way streets in reverse 
 today is one of those days I might order a gift basket to be sent to myself in 3 weeks when I forget I did it 
 wanna watch a porn where a grown man can't stop sobbing at the airport and no one asks him what's wrong 
 you're my favorite place of worship 
 so @map_keeper and I did another song  
  
 
 I spent the last 90mins breaking everything in an effort to stop convincing myself to jump into oncoming traffic on the highway we are good 
 let's get ready to mumble 
 LET'S GET READYYYY TO CRUUUUUUUUUUUMBLE 
 battling depression like 
 battling depression like 
 Cassie in the streets. Effy in the sheets 
 where my sad girls at 
 the most extreme sadomasochist 
 the year is 2015. we're in bed together finally 
 I am an adult 
 If Bones Could Talk 
 I made soup 
 ok in the event I die I didn't want my last tweet to be I'm really a cyborg smh 
  
 dig behind the orchids in the right corner of my backyard 
 I'm like a cat laying in the sun wishing you'd stare in awe when I stretch as if I don't know you're watching 
 I don't trust white dudes to begin with but I definitely don't trust a white dude whose header is a landscape photo of Wisconsin 
 cruelty in a thousand different forms of circumstance 
 Cloud Talk. we talk about clouds! wind! we talk about the combination of the two forming a crashing display much like meeting your web crush 
 when we are old and dying, we are still gonna feel like this together 
 I just wanna write some tweets about loving people you weren't meant to meet. not argue with white girls over body hair 
 I think about you in hotel rooms. not how you saw yourself, a deviant poltergeist, but how I saw you. an adventurous hysteria 
 we are determined to lose everything in hopes someone kind enough will return it and sit down to talk about their childhood 
 wonder what it felt like to realize you wouldn't fall off the edge of the earth if you sailed where the sun sleeps and how you loved a woman 
 when I'm drunk on the web I accidentally end up buying bulk chocolate, not downloading Teens Who Look Legal To Justify My Depravity 
 when I'm drunk on the web I accidentally end up buying bulk chocolate, not downloading Teens Who Look Legal To Justify My Depravity 
 just think, in 10 years, kids won't touch a tin can and string 
 a self contained quiver in the stones that guard your name, a madness, an autopsy of your intoxication, indicates your love is crowded in me 
 the kind of girl you wanna sit in a window with 
 less candles more darkness 
 wanna bob for apples in your bed 
 for Halloween I want to be Christmas 
 marry fuck kill myself 
 I have been back for sometime now and I still haven't written anything new for my book :( 
 I tell girls to be mean to me so I don't misinterpret kindness for interest 
 someone legitimately hmu on snapchat to tell me I'm "not that great" and I'm "ok at best"& listen here whoever, I own 41 pairs of shoes 
 Dismissing The Opinions Of Oppressed Groups Because You Are Privileged & Blind To Reality: "I Don't See Color Because I Believe In Equality" 
 white people always need a white person to explain why they are wrong in order for them to even consider that possibility, which is gross 
 Tony Baxter 
 I got into drugs because they made me feel like the person I was supposed to be until I became the person I wanted to get away from 
 not today god 
 I'm so tired of seeing people on twitter pretend they like plants. like we know who actually cares loves and adores the greenhouse life 
 hot singles in your area screaming they want to be attractive bc of their personality and are tired of being talked to bc of how they look 
 hot singles in your area screaming they want to be attractive bc of their personality and are tired of being talked to bc of how they look 
 you drop change pulling yr keys out on the stairs. 5mins later the change rolls down 10mins later it happens again. when will the steps stop 
 hey girl are you a rainy day bc I get sleepy when I hear you 
 one day I'm not gonna be nice to everyone anymore and I'm gonna tell you what terrible horrible people you really are despite your masks 
 do you have any idea how much lesbian birds must love each other my god 
 I edited your tweet for you. smh. 
 sometimes I think about eminem throwing a fit in line at a grocery store and this gets me through the nights I self medicate my fears away 
 it's cool how I learned so much about WWII in school and no one told me about the tiny wars my head shoulders knees and toes would endure 
 I Can't Believe It's Not Better 
 I love food and reading and long walks around my bedroom when you're still sleeping 
 yehhhhh he love this fat book *nicki laugh* 
 wish you would step back from that ledge 
 my friend 
 you could 
 cut trees 
 in the woods 
 and hide in a cabin 
 this is my brand now 
 tell him thanks for using the plastic spatula in the non-stick pan 
 love isn't real. it's just something people talk about who have nothing else to look forward to 
 home is wherever I can charge my phone to text you 
 i wanna be verified on twitter *kicks dirt* 
 i wanna be verified on twitter *kicks dirt* 
 OH GOD IM CURED 
 I didn't get murdered but I did get a pen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 "let the poets cry themselves to sleep" 
 when she favs my tweets 
 me and you IRL 
 I'm tired of people pretending they don't wish they were never born 
 wouldn't it be cool if people on twitter were dying to meet you as much as you've been dying for them. same. good morning 
 I met God and she said she stole the cookie from the cookie jar 
 sometimes I read tweets here and I'm like "wow you definitely have never touched a woman, like the stars you won't stop comparing her to" 
 ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO LISTENS TO OUR MUSIC. IT MEANS SO MUCH TO US THAT YOU DO. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ 
 I told my mom I fell in love with a girl I don't know and she said that's what happened with my father 
 I'm a little teapot I'm gonna make you regret everything 
 you can listen to me and @map_keeper sing DCFC here 
  
 
 do they call it a Lucky bc you're lucky if you realize you have a backwards cigarette in your mouth before you light the filter 
 do us both a favor and goto my texts and erase them. 
 Earth is the New Jersey of the galaxy 
 Earth is the New Jersey of the galaxy 
 I'm pretty mad at the world for shaming women for everything they do 
 when she tells me I can eat her ass 
 mom in 1997: if yr bein followed by a stranger pretend the first house you see is yours&hide in their yard 
 *turns 25 & signs up for twitter* 
 if he doesn't get you a cactus is he really the one 
 Beyoncé seems like she'd be hella cool to eat sweet potato fries with 
 love is about treating everyday like you've finally got a real Christmas tree 
 sext: I wish you'd tell me I'm not good enough instead of trying to make me feel better so I don't give up and get lazy with you 
 motivation to die but no motivation to build a cabin in the middle of nowhere 
 unless you are following your significant other on twitter everyone on twitter is single 
 and this next song is about sexual harassment in the workplace 
 a couple who weds on Halloween is a couple who stays together 
 I'm just incredibly loveless 
 what do u do if u wanna fuck a girl but u have no interest in sex but would if she wanted but mostly u wanna watch horror movies&eat w her 
 I'm like rosie the riveter, but gothier. 
 we can't date if you don't know how to chop wood or cut an avocado. I know my standards are pretty up there but this is important to me 
 I'm just tryin to roll blunts and eat some ice cream 
 I'm just tryin to roll blunts and eat some ice cream 
 when I get the nudes 
 same 
 what if zombies are drawn to human sounds bc they are trying to find familiarity to hold on to but once they get close the hunger takes over 
 if only I could thank your mother for how you look in that dress 
 things I always find in the weirdest places: my keys and you 
 things I lose all the time: my keys, phone, wallet, temper, composure, mind, way, trust, focus, and important papers 
 I'm going back to bed. good morningg. don't tell anyone I was here 
 Sunday morning with a Wednesday girl 
 tbh everyone makes fun of honey boo boo and her family but wow I wish I had family who were that involved in my life and that lively 
 I complimented a woman today without hitting on her. you can do it too 
 3 cigarettes and a dead girl 
 selective depression 
 I have some drafts I couldn't send bc I was in a tunnel last night being romantic as fuck so let these shit babies fly 
 was hoping Kristen Stewart would come out today 
 try and remember the first time you rode your bike without falling off. try and remember how happy you were. try and feel that way again 
 drop it like it's hot 
 but I'm holding a baby 
 I wanna believe in a love where you feel as comfortable showering with them as you do showering alone 
 update: love shouldn't feel like dying 
 update: love shouldn't feel like dying 
 you can't stop punching the wall. she grabs your bicep when you pull your arm back for another blow. you breathe. she always wins 
 watch the light under doors more if you wanna worry about something that isn't her 
 I hope the person you think will never leave you never leaves you 
 replace fear of dying with fear of falling in love 
 how would u like it if someone framed all yr ideas&unveiled yr muses? how would u like this being on display for strangers? h- oh. really? 
 yeah I've cried watching a bird make its nest. I was thinking about how many blue eggs I've seen cracked in my backyard 
 I want my palms to kiss your neck too don't think any part of me would neglect any part of you 
 creep in the streets, deep in the sheets 
 drop it like it's hot 
 *it starts raining* 
 if you love something give it water sunlight and plenty of room 
 your empathy is actually the 2nd wonder of my world 
 I spend a lot of time pretending I'm asleep 
 I hope you meet someone. I hope this is the best thing you've ever done. I hope you find love, and I hope it's in something you can't hold 
 quality over quantity of everything in life: 
 food 
 drugs 
 sex 
  
 I guess that's it nvm 
 this dude and I have so much in common. he's talking to a girl who doesn't speak and he's completely obsessed with her. 
 LEARNED HOW TO SAY IM SORRY IN SIGN AND I AM READY TO APOLOGIZE TO EVERYONE 
 dismissal should be the 8th sin 
 another word for horny is lonely 
 another word for horny is lonely 
 the umbilical cord is actually an IOU once it is severed 
 all week 
 I won't be satisfied until I get brought back to life again 
 I like that you're not afraid to die. 
 it's called a crush bc they're gonna kill you 
 you're trying to sleep&you keep hearing noises. you're too scared to know what stirs you. you feel this way about everything she doesn't say 
 alone bc you're depressed not depressed bc you're alone 
 I like when you say things you'll regret tomorrow 
 hey everyone I'm here to tell you keep it real be kind to others and communicate your feelings before you turn into a volcano. keep it safe 
 get a grip, relax, calm down, slow it down, take a break, take a nap, lay down, fall asleep, stay asleep, die peacefully when you're 95 
 we all just need someone who will make a smiley face out of the exclamation marks 
 nice sun coming in I feel like a tiny plant 
 it's a good day to hide from desire 
 if you knew how many times I've brushed my teeth in stations and restaurants 
 I hope the next time you lay in a bed that isn't yours something falls on you 
 all I had to do was lock his cock up and he fed me aw 
 would be cool if you loved me as much as I love me which is actually really easy to compete with 
 I promise I still love watching you sexually degrade yourself 
 I promise I still love watching you sexually degrade yourself 
 I love being alone during the day. it's the most enjoyable thing. everyone is gone. everything is yours 
 I don't really mind wasting my life anymore ya know it's nice out today & the grass is still soft & I like getting scared of falling leaves 
 someone hurt this tree I'm gonna climb it and kiss it just like she used to do to me 
 where's the girl with the legs 
 hello? no this is the right number. I met u 10 yrs ago u might not remember bc u were so drunk. I still have yr shirt I loved u for so long 
 I came here to fucking love you 
 you ask the ouija board if there's anyone who is dead in the house and it keeps spelling out your name 
 if I had two heads I would kiss myself all the time 
 cry me a river and then fish for compliments in it 
 I would look at the moon but I really don't care about things I can't touch anymore 
 do you guys realize how many people just watch us talk to each other on here without letting us know they are 
 it's okay if you don't like me I still adore you and want you to have everything your parents didn't have 
 how Andy Warhol of you 
 everyone I love wants to die 
 all six suns are shining down on me today 
 what if it really is just a phase mom 
 yeah and when halloween's over I'm still gonna be hella spooky 
 when you guys marry the person you love I want you to show them all the turmoil&insecurity you tweeted to strangers instead of telling them 
 you haven't figured out what happens inside an accordion and you can't calm me down 
 you haven't figured out what happens inside an accordion and you can't calm me down 
 devil got your tongue? 
 sexless demon 
 the 80s were filled with movies that had women being stabbed in their tits & I want 2015 to be the start of men being stabbed in their dicks 
 Spanish horror sympathizes with female aggression which annoys me. Asian horror sexualizes it. American horror excuses it 
 there's a small number of movies where the female killer has no drive or reason to cause harm like we've seen in male killers for decades 
 I took an adderall 5 hours ago and wrote a 15 page paper about horror movies' violent women w personality vs killer depthless male concept 
 you're my favorite thing the sun does to crystal 
 I think it's important to not fall asleep just to make sure they woke up 
 just want your hands to reach for me like a baby 
 wanna live in a world where you don't expect better of me 
 wanna live in a world where we can only read other people's thoughts they don't know they're having 
 please don't be like this guy ever 
 a daily prayer: I will not apologize for things I am not sorry for 
 even the birds want me to sleep 
 you sound like you're crying when you cum and I am About That 
 bukowski murdered poetry and then he fucked it 
 bukowski murdered poetry and then he fucked it 
 I don't mind when my leg falls asleep bc that means my brain is awake 
 make cake not babies 
 I'm sorry but where does the fire exit? 
 u + me = ume  
 which means children in Basque 
 we need to start telling kids believable stories about where babies come from like that they grow out of the ground as do all good things 
 *clicks heels one more time* 
 there's no place like home 
 *teleports* 
 this isn't my room? 
 *begins digging out of dirt* 
 before and after Priya favs your tweets 
 you dislike everything about me except how much I want you 
 I'll go anywhere you point. you're my human compass 
 I'll wear a shock collar and a strait jacket and say I'm your ex for Halloween 
 you know that scene in Evil Dead where everything is laughing at Bruce Campbell? the lamp, deer head, the windows? I feel that way everyday 
 me and cumdove are in cumlove 
 baby powder in the hair. adult powder in the nose 
 it's me where I feel most comfortable 
 men are mad bc we started using feminism as a sword and not a shield 
 too many masochists not enough sadists 
 too many masochists not enough sadists 
 some people are just too sad to black out 
 none of you protected me and none of you saved me 
 When Changing The Sheets Becomes Hard Again 
 what if GMOs are a ploy to push us to pay more for better quality food & they're actually not a threat at all it's just a marketing strategy 
 when you just wanna cook for them, you're screwed 
 I'm a nice guy and by that I mean I am a quiet girl who actually never wants to see you naked and would just like to make you breakfast 
 I wish my mom loved satan 
 "I understand you have issues but I can't do anything. I can't fix it." - my mom 
 when I see you I feel like I'm seeing a sunken ship for the first time 
 America's Next Top Mistake 
 I wanna make a honeycomb out of your heart 
 at some point in your life you're gonna sit outside and eat chocolate and enjoy it 
 I hope this account helped you appreciate something you forgot 
 when I crack is anyone gonna be surprised 
 you can tell a lot about a person by their uses of "when" and "if" 
 false alarm guys we are still stupid with a deafening heart 
 I am starving and hopeful 
 how am I supposed to love anyone when I'm too busy loving myself 
 dating someone is that thing you do where you draw turkeys using your hands as a stencil and color them in right bc I wanna trace her hands 
 dating someone is that thing you do where you draw turkeys using your hands as a stencil and color them in right bc I wanna trace her hands 
 I wish I could express how unhappy I am in 140 characters or less 
 I want you to be my pumpkin for halloween and scoop your insides out to fill you with whatever I need to to make you glow again 
 it's harder to break a windshield than a heart 
 you know those teacup rides in amusement parks? I really wanted to sleep in one tonight just so I could wake up with something holding me 
 if you're an adult how come you still bolt up the stairs when it's dark 
 remember when you were a kid and everyone would tell you there's nothing to be scared of? they meant until you were 18 
 if we could freeze time you would be walking through a photograph 
 twitter user singing_ghosts' autobiography 
 santa gave kids the idea that a stranger would sneak in to do no harm which in turn made us crave this same concept in lovers as adults 
 people started tucking their shirts in so u could drop notes in the neck when u hug them hello in front of the person who can't know u fuck 
 drunk in the streets puking in the sheets 
 if a tree falls in the woods, ask her if she's ok 
 how badly do you think ghosts need a hug how unfair we can't hold them 
 *hits the blunt* 
 maybe the red light is a ghost and that's why I can't grab it 
 if you're smiling half dressed, you're in love 
 LETS GET READY TO FUUUUUMBBLLLEEEEEEEE over our words when she walks in 
 how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck fell in love 
 I'm a twitter performance artist 
 I'm a twitter performance artist 
 if a tree falls in the forest and we are kissing in the city is that a sign you're gonna break my heart 
 if no one sees it, it's not art 
 I will be hearing it rain all day for the first time since April and I know that doesn't mean much to most people but I missed steady rain 
 hey how u doin lil mama? lemme whisper in your ear tell you sumthin that u might like to hear 
 *she turns, eyes glazed* 
 gas prices went down? 
 everyone is knitting and I'm still trying to figure out how to tie my shoes without making bunny ears 
 I really like you but something tells me you'll be the death of me 
 I read somewhere people used to fall in love on park benches 
 the worst thing you can do to a masochist is deprive them of your attention 
 just want a dolphin to kiss my nose 
 who called it a thought process and not the monster mash 
 here's some spooky songs for halloween. the first song has @map_keeper singing on it. the rest are me being scary 
  
 
 why didn't TLC ever invest in a cleaning product that ate away oil, mold, and grime, called No Scrubs? 
 before & after you eat ass 
 ah, MRA's 
 
 it's good to regain consciousness in a park once in awhile 
 is sex that thing you do with someone else where you just smile because one of you is smiling and you can't help it and feel stupid but safe 
 I often wonder what people did with their kids before they could put them on the internet 
 I often wonder what people did with their kids before they could put them on the internet 
 these Ebola jokes are bothering me bc you guys make a real issue a joke just bc it doesn't involve you which desensitizes us as a society 
 whatever, we should rename the planets 
 I hope you weren't looking for love here. all that's left are some firecrackers and warm beer 
 you meet a woman at the airport. she's mysterious, well spoken. she touches your hand and you are home, 75 years ago. 
 all your deceased pets are alive for one day 
 they're all getting along 
 you can't touch them 
 or they'll turn to dust 
 some of us are dreamers and the rest of us, well, we're hopeful 
 How To Fall In Love: an introduction to losing your appetite 
 The titanic crashes, splits; fills with water&screams before it sinks into darkness, drowning out life. That's exactly what my head is like. 
 anon, this is the story of Dolores. I cry at the end. it's 20 minutes long. pay attention  
  
 
 when your guilt manifests into sound 
 god are you drunk yet 
 there are important things we take for granted with a lover: coffee, enough cigarettes, warning each other of alarms on our phones, sleep 
 I'm so nice to you when you're asleep 
 just me and the leaves 
 sext: I can feel my organs pressing inside of me where are you to stop this 
 GO AHEAD YOU LITTLE FUCKING PERFECT BALL OF YARN GOD I WANT TO UNRAVEL YOU LIKE IM A HAPPY KITTEN IN THE SUN 
 I look like I don't care a lot 
 I look like I don't care a lot 
 I wanna write something that people discuss with their friends and family 
 I just wanna be harmless again 
 someone tell someone I'm in love with her 
 if you love something give it away to someone you love 
 I'm the person who goes to a hibachi style restaurant and refuses to catch food in my mouth bc I'm not a seal or fun 
 the 90s were about loving Mother Earth and neon zig zags on solid pastel colored windbreakers 
 wanna get lost in a corn maze with you forever 
 oh my god becky look at ALLL THOSE CHICKENS 
 you don't remember leaving the door unlocked she's dead again but she's really dead this time & she's laying the last place you touched her 
 there was a time when people judged how decent of a person you were based on whether or not you drove off before they got inside their house 
 the next time I see an attractive girl I'm gonna pretend I don't see her and hope we have another encounter where my conversation is invited 
 the young and the restless? you bet we are 
 *walks in the rain and never comes back* 
 do you think your pets know how sad you are bc sometimes my dog just plops his head on me and I think he knows but maybe he's sad too 
 here's a dumb thing I wrote about a smart girl 
 people used to talk about the sky falling and now they're worried about the skyscrapers 
 people used to talk about the sky falling and now they're worried about the skyscrapers 
 fall in love and then ask what happens to light in a black hole 
 leave the keys in the door because you're lonely 
 fuck you Jesse I wanna be paid to make girls panic while I sing 
 trees can't take selfies and that should upset you 
 me and October on our first date 
 she rustled my hair. I rustled her leaves. 
 you know that saying you don't know someone until they're your ex? yeah, but you don't really know yourself either until then too 
 I'm not exactly the daughter my mother hoped for. 
 this is a very good time of year and man do I miss you 
 my idea of a perfect date is to kick back and have some beers in a low-key setting while we talk about how scared we are of strokes 
 *jumps into a taxi cab and frantically points at my cell phone* FOLLOW THAT TWITTER 
 hey sorry i haven't been around lately but here's a life update: recently a beautiful teen scientologist spit into my mouth 
 need a Halloween playlist? dead man's bones is amazing. Ryan gosling sings so fucking hot. that fucking asshole 
 If you say my name three times in the mirror, you remember everything I've ever said when you were drunk. 
 my anaconda will NEVER consider it my anaconda knows what it wants 
 now I will show you how to kiss a girl with nothing but your hands 
 girls just wanna have guns 
 a séance for the emotionally dead 
 tell me the story about the girl who gets the girl 
 tell me the story about the girl who gets the girl 
 my anaconda feels bad for what it wants 
 for Halloween I'm gonna be something you're proud of and then I'm gonna fuck it up 
 marine biology is fucking cool and praying mantis will fuck you to death and I will too and sometimes I like to make myself cry, is My Brand 
 sometimes you don't want to think and you can't help it and you want to stop traffic just to get people to stop moving 
 I WOULD LIKE TO LIVE IN A WORLD WHERE VIOLENCE IS NOT THE FIRST AND IMMEDIATE OPTION 
 IVE HAD TO FUNCTION ALL DAY AND TOOK ADDERALL I CANT JUST LAY IN BED WITH YOU 
 knock knock 
 who's there 
 doctor 
 doctor who 
 ... 
 been writing Kimye fanfic before Kim met Kanye 
 been writing Kimye fanfic before Kim met Kanye 
 when I was 16 I used to clear my room out so I had enough space to perform in front of the thousands of people who weren't there 
 just a garden girl living in a lonely world 
 When Your Bedroom Becomes A Stage 
 son I bought you a cool bus to get all the girls  
 dad that's a school bus you just scraped off the s and h 
 for Halloween I'm gonna be your cinnamon apple 
 I feel like Kim is hella dom and makes Kanye whimper like a puppy and thinking this makes me smile bc Kanye seems like a really sweet guy 
 when we are dead, our tweets live on 
 tweet up like 
 does it count as a relapse if you planned to do it? 
 for Halloween I want to be your boyfriend 
 I want to be less volatile. I want to stop tempting your nerves when I see you're trying so hard to stay calm 
 for Halloween I want you to be okay 
 when bae gets in the car 
 we're sorry, your emotions are currently unavailable 
 bae: come over 
 me: are you alone? 
 bae: yes 
 me: hook up the surround sound, I'll bring the xbox!!! 
 bae: no that's not wha- 
 me: *hangs up* 
 stop romanticizing me 
 stop romanticizing healthy relationships 
 put your passion into something that isn't alive 
 Sam Pepper not only justifies his sexual harassment as an Eye Opener Project but also dismisses abused women by promoting his MRA agenda 
 Sam Pepper not only justifies his sexual harassment as an Eye Opener Project but also dismisses abused women by promoting his MRA agenda 
 chapter one: the redhead intentionally loses some end pieces. you have more time together not so puzzled by what your hands do next. 
 how could you do this to me you look so good in sweatpants 
 trees are people too 
 do you even document your life on the internet for a bunch of people who have no idea how drunk you are most of the time, bro? 
 my favorite position is the one where we're in bed and I'm on my phone and you're tightening your arm around my chest bc you're still sleepy 
 one day you're gonna love someone pure 
 people are like "they give me butterflies" nope those aren't butterflies. you're hungry bc when you're with them you forget to eat 
 neutral milk oh well 
 lemme be your kanye 
 actually pretty torn up about the music I listen to bc 50 years from now when we are still in love we won't be able to dance to it again 
 got some of my books back bc this how you party 
 "ma, where's aunt Peggy" 
 "gay night with the lesbians at church" 
 I hope when I'm 61 I'm at Gay Night with the lesbians at church too 
 seeing you smile is like looking at medusa but instead of turning to stone I turn into a little boy 
 men have ruined everything from Sundays to aesthetics 
 If your nudes don't compliment the sunlight, I'm not interested. 
 alt porn is just vid after vid of girls masturbating in a field of dandelions 
 the Holden Girls 
 hello and welcome to A Beautiful Day 
 hello and welcome to A Beautiful Day 
 I think once you have this violent compulsion towards something you care for and objectification is present but ignored often, you leave. 
 I tweet about loving you but all I think about is beating the shit out of you in front of your mother. 
 I didn't get arrested tonight but lemme tell you I am a bad thing 
 some real human remains 
 if they can't keep a plant alive they can't love you 
 I just want you to tell me I'm the worst. 
 like you've never wanted to be held by a monster 
 fall in love with a girl who makes you question your worth 
 get your hair out of your face and smile for me 
 *leans arm back showcasing your one night stands* 
 look at all these chickens 
 same 
 Are Mosquitos Biting You Or Are You Impossible To Hold? 
 intimacy like meeting a guy on the plane and leaving the wrong side of the airport because you both forgot where home was 
 intimacy like you only apologize when you're actually sorry 
 intimacy like you're singing happy birthday in a voicemail 
 intimacy like coming home unannounced and seeing they've watered your plants 
 I just wanna kiss her hands and throat. 
 I just wanna kiss her hands and throat. 
 many on twitter think I have a penis & I am here to tell you I am female but I wish I weren't bc I wanna spit in your face&cum inside you 
 recording my Halloween album and the first song is about werewolves and I might have to quit smoking for a week to hit the howls right 
 ocarina of sigh 
 want to win a trip to the fiery pits of hell? enjoy both sights&sounds of horror, regret, for eternity, as you sail on with your loved one! 
 something romantic about not moving when a stranger falls asleep on you. 
 orange you glad I didn't get drunk and call you 30 times while you were with your boyfriend 
 orange you glad I didn't say the safe word 
 meaningless sex? let's just not have sex at all. why hang out? let's just call each other and watch a movie at the same time. 
 I'm not ready to hate you. 
 I think run on sentences are earnest and human. 
 if I could stop falling in love with strangers in airports 
 singing_ghosts headquarters: long beach, CA 
 I opened my arms and door to you and all these moths floated in your direction 
 sometimes I think about everything I said and then our songs and how you were always in bed and it's hard to feel like I could deserve that 
 "violently happy bc I love you" 
 When Heartbreak Motivates You 
 please clean your lens and mirror before you take selfies thank you 
 *makes prank phone call* 
 I fell in love with a girl whose mother didn't know I understood "you can't have a family with her" in Spanish 
 *makes prank phone call* 
 I fell in love with a girl whose mother didn't know I understood "you can't have a family with her" in Spanish 
 what you have to look forward to in life: 
  
 🔹being the first of your friends to die 
 🔹not being the first of your friends to die 
 🔹dying 
 sometimes I think about you turning into a triangle and every angle I can see you from or hide in and oh god how hidden I've been 
 sex is weird and we should have cake when we are together 
 when you're feeling down just remember lightning bugs are the friendly anglerfish of the air 
 some mornings I don't even wanna walk to the bathroom and you think I'm gonna walk a mile in your shoes 
 hey bondage freaks 
 the future is every moment after this 
 #wcw 
 I am a great friend: 
 another cute thing boys did in 1999 was pretend they didn't like the backstreet boys 
 teen boy fashion in 1999 
 my amazon wishlist is just an order of 1000 living lady bugs 
 my hair is three times as long as @ineptune_'s but I tried really hard to create his hairstyle 
 abuse that isn't physical 
 call me your jezebel 
 Sometimes I think about you dancing. Sometimes I think about you waking up. 
 You are desire as a universe expanding outwardly in small containers around the house. 
 You know when Cassie thinks Sid is sending her EAT!!!! texts and he isn't? That's how I feel about you but l Love You 
 You know when Cassie thinks Sid is sending her EAT!!!! texts and he isn't? That's how I feel about you but l Love You 
 *kisses the blunt* 
 *pets the blunt* 
 If we treated every woman like the hardwood floor of a house we were guests in, we would be the most gentle lovers. 
 In The Fashion of Dragons: How She Painted Herself Naked 
 Me when someone mentions Drake 
 offensive humor warps others as well as perpetuates&justifies racism, sexism, and lack of empathy 
 I only have sex so I have time to charge my phone. 
 I just want Drake to tell me it's gonna be okay. 
 A chalk outline where your bed used to be. 
 Anyway who cares about anything if it doesn't bleed when it's mad 
 I like when women cross their legs like they're trying to break my heart. 
 Our desires do not define, they confine. 
 Just You, Me, And The Void. 
 Remember where you came from so you never go back there. 
 Often think about my childhood and how I never played house. I kissed my best friend in her closet & we talked about growing up to be birds. 
 It's 1994. There's always missing children on milk cartons. It's hard to accept your guilt will never be part of my mom making me breakfast. 
 I get irrationally aggravated by unnatural sounds. 
 First I park my car then I text you where it's quiet 
 when you start to notice you're the weird one in your friend circle and you're an adult and it's not cute anymore 
 when you start to notice you're the weird one in your friend circle and you're an adult and it's not cute anymore 
 yeaaahhhh he loooooooove this fat wrap *nicki laugh* yeh this one is for my bitches with a fat wrap who want chicken club 
 life advice 
 Every time someone has a song stuck in their head all I can think is "well at least it's not a girl" 
 Oh hey it's Sunday let me in to worship you 
 It's easy to fall in love when it's cold. 
 Do yourself a favor and grab an avocado today. 
 only the heartbroken could stuff their ex lover's pet into a piñata and let them smash it open on their birthday 
 Wanna fill a piñata with all the letters I never sent you and hand you a bat. 
 The Incredibly True Story Of The Worst And The Thirst: Christmas In September 
 [moaning, whimpering] 
 I'm sweaty 
 It makes my heart hurt to know you'll never see your eyes the way I do. 
 males, reply to this tweet with photos of your best feature 
 Hark! I hear the angels screaming for help. Where is your God? 
 We underestimate the importance of the VHS. Like how incredible is it to have memories that warp the more you see them? 
 Third base is when you hear me sing. 
 wtf I wanna hold your hand for 700 years 
 We could be undressed. We could be asleep. 
 
 
 *beats the shit out of blunt* 
 *hits blunt* 
  
 oh my god I'm so sorry 
 *hits blunt* 
  
 What if Princess Peach just wanted to see how much of a hell she could put Mario through because it turned her on? 
 It used to be that automated voicemail. Now it's your voice, slightly more alive, and I can hear him gently saying your name with you. 
 My aesthetic is your father's porn collection. 
 I hate the sound of other people talking to you. 
 If human life is so important why is an abortion cheaper than a used car? 
 You know when you take something out of its box for the first time and you're excited to use it? That's how I feel every time you whimper. 
 GAMING HARD OR HARDLY GAMING? 
 Isn't every fly a potential penis trap? 
 Penis fly trap 
 Why are my forearms so muscular 
 holding it down 
 Oh my god I can't wait to pick fucking apples 
 Lorde is a hot topic Celine dion 
 Fallout shelter or what I call my heart 
 Sometimes I look at you like I just saw a terrible car accident. 
 *hits blunt* 
  
 If the ocean is salty, how high are dolphins' blood pressure? 
 *hits blunt* 
  
 If the ocean is salty, how high are dolphins' blood pressure? 
 I wanna lick the sunlight off you. 
 My favorite part of the day is thinking about you washing your hair. 
 we didn't have google we had libraries and the Dewey decimal system 
 People banding together to make a change in their community? Nah. They're just waiting for the new iPhone. 
 everything you do you do in slow motion 
 we out here like 
 Jupiter has over 50 moons and you're talking about the only things you can see from Earth. 
 Reply with photos of your throat 
 It's weird to think one day I'll never see you again could have already passed. 
 (he's holding your hand) 
 it's ok we all get nervous our first time 
 (u pull up) 
 can I have a medium #6 w a coke 
 we only have Pepsi 
 (u panic) 
 Uh friend I'm trying to listen to Fiona Apple why are you blasting vine loop YouTube compilations 
 You have to remember that you're gonna die one way or another so try to do something you'll be forgotten for. 
 me in 9th grade: 
 do u wanna tell the class a little about yrself? 
 u smell heartbroken 
 what do u mean? 
 chug vodka, whiskey stays on yr breath 
 You are where it hurts. 
 Maybe I stared too long at you. Maybe I saw less than there was. Maybe I took too many photos. Maybe you really are my horizon. 
 Maybe I stared too long at you. Maybe I saw less than there was. Maybe I took too many photos. Maybe you really are my horizon. 
 Systematically pulling myself apart until someone screams in horror louder than me. 
 Some people need you to answer them not because they love you but because they don't love themselves. 
 I think about the scene in Blue Valentine a lot when Ryan gosling is singing and he's like "if I broke your heart last night..." 
 I miss you and I mean I miss the squeak in your laugh and how easy it was to calm you down when I would smile. 
 There's nothing to fear but everything 
 When the storm comes 
 I've got 99 problems and they all start when I wake up. 
 don't ask don't tell 
 The Depression Trilogy 
 We're all stuck in this mentality where our shame and guilt manifest into assisted self-destructiveness 
 This is your brain  
 *fumbles & drops egg* 
 And this is your brain on drugs 
 *blood pours out from every place you thought about kissing her* 
 We are all just dumb people looking for someone to make us forget that. 
 I wanna platonically jump off a bridge. 
 please RT 
 Keep trying to see the difference between abuse and honesty. 
 Don't tell me you're an adult until your eyes widen after you say something whoever raised you said. 
 It's important we share what we've learned. It's important to not be afraid of your sadness. It's important to find understanding beautiful. 
 There are multiple personalities in all of us but I think they're the seven sins disguised as One Night You Made Me Brave And Now It's Over. 
 There are multiple personalities in all of us but I think they're the seven sins disguised as One Night You Made Me Brave And Now It's Over. 
 I think the hardest part of having sex is recognizing you would have preferred to not have sex with them. 
 You're in choir or band, you're in the chamber orchestra. You look to see if anyone you love showed up. It's a lifetime of that searching. 
 There's an echo. It's your voice. It's a voicemail you left. You're singing a song she hasn't heard yet. She'll love the band next year. 
 The Way Her Sheets Stretched: How To Make A Bed You Aren't A Liar In 
 She loves me, she loves me not as much as I'm hoping. 
 I'm gonna live vine me at urban outfitters screaming at the top of my lungs then I'm gonna throw pig blood on everything 
 Sometimes I wonder what would've happened had you kept your shoes on. 
 A collection of warnings composed entirely of sighs. 
 Funeral 
 Turned water into wine. 
 Just upset myself realizing I will probably never pet a lion. 
 A cool date would be 
 Think about your daughter. Now think about how you'd feel if she were with someone like the person you think you love. 
 I've never seen rain from a distance so this is pretty exciting for me 
 HAHAH WELCOME TO CALIFORNIA 
 I think I'm my own boyfriend. 
 She exhales your name, heavy as light bolting. 
 Wanna fall in love with you in an elevator. 
 "For me, love was just lust with jealousy added; everything else was total nonsense" 
 "For me, love was just lust with jealousy added; everything else was total nonsense" 
 What are you gonna be for Halloween? A decent person? 
 Hey girl are you my cinnamon apple ? Bc I hate you and think you're disgusting 
 If I was a teen girl nananananannanananannaaaaa say I'd have all the retweets in the world if I were a teenage giiiiirrllll 
 Ok I think @ineptune_ needs an intervention 
 He can tell I ain't missing no feels 
 He can tell I ain't kissing no eels 
 I forgot. If you send pics of dudes on all fours beneath or beside you, I'll follow you. 
 The Tarantino of Twitter 
 I would give you my life if it meant you could have yours. 
 I called you back and wept at the Ha of your Hello. 
 I want to watch your legs like a matinée. 
 I hope it snows inside you. 
 Still don't fully understand the selfie foot on sink pose bc most of the girls doing it are wearing gel shoes & make me think of 9 yr olds?? 
 Do this and I'll follow you but they need to be on all fours  
  
 
 cumfort food 
 I always felt like he spent SO MUCH TIME preparing for this moment. 
 Imagine a film with everyone you've thought about fucking and the credits roll with what you liked about them rather than their names 
 Imagine a film with everyone you've thought about fucking and the credits roll with what you liked about them rather than their names 
 It's 4am. You are awake because sleep will not let you forgive yourself. 
 I like my men the way I like my cockroaches. 
  
 Dead. 
 Your generation ruined Nirvana. 
 I bet you spell your name with a halo. 
 verb: something you can't explain without your hands 
 noun: something you can fall in love with 
 
 I'm on my back. Her heel pressed in my throat. My mouth gapes open to push out an I love you. She spits down my throat and smiles. 
 My mom let me watch movies where women were raped & stabbed repeatedly when I was a little kid but covered my eyes for "love making" scenes 
 I game, therefor I am. 
 Operation: Stop Girls From Masturbating When They Hear My Voice So We Can Actually Talk 
 Can't date a girl who can't talk to me about Putin and Stalin 
 Can't date a girl who can't talk to me about Putin and Stalin 
 Hella drunk. Hella thinking about how much you hate me 
 Engle hates Tarantino much like everyone else but like Tarantino gets it man 
 I am good at many things like thinking about your hands in gentle positions, worrying if you made it home safe in the rain, & staying awake. 
 U2 is the worst band in the world and that's saying a lot because Nickelback is still a band. 
 "Lana is walking. She's looking at sunglasses. 'Lana, you know those are knock offs' omg she's buying 8 pairs of sunglasses" 
 When I call myself nice I really mean I'm terrified and disgusting. 
 NYMPHOMANIAC IS ON NETFLIX. BOTH VOLUMES.  Highly suggest watching. Lars von trier is my fav director 
 RT if you're mad U2 magically got their album on your phone without permission 
 Men are pretty ok sometimes 
 Don't you just wanna watch Kylie and Kendall make out? Same. 
 You probably undress like you're underwater. 
 singing_ghosts 
 You're definitely in love with me. 
 Fell in love with you leaving 
 🎶 I love you so much but do me a favor baby don't reply 🎶 
 Hope the new iPhone detects when a girl is furiously texting her ex within a 50ft radius. 
 Something so attractive about girls with no conscience. 
 Something so attractive about girls with no conscience. 
 Adulthood is another way of saying "this is what I did to my mother" 
 I bought cigarettes instead of food. You expected this from me. 
 You trim the leaves. You trim your bangs. You're cutting off everyone on the road to get home to me. 
 We're kissing. I've already told everyone about you. I love you. You close the door. Six years later you're slamming it when you leave. 
 I want to be afraid of your joy. 
 HE'S IN THE SAME PLACE AS YESTERDAY oh my god I love you fred 
 YOU CAN LEAD A HORSE TO WATER BUT SHE'S STILL GONNA FUCK DUDES THAT AREN'T YOU 
 The sky is falling and everyone goes to sleep. 
 Sometimes I think about the crawlspace of your old house and wonder why you never locked me in there. 
 I'm going to show you why carousels were made. 
 I think the fact that I can fall in love with anyone who makes me nervous is beautiful sorry to inconvenience you 
 #wcw all of you every girl who's interacted with me every girl who's smiled at me behind a register every girl who has ever said thank you 
 self aware sociopaths 
 Cummertime Sadness 
 Cummertime Sadness 
 You can't pay for groceries with smiles. 
 Homeless with an iPhone: Part II 
 You know what being nice got me? It got me a bunch of useless stories about how shitty people are and a few black eyes. 
 Send me photos if your legs 
 same 
 Female praying mantis are the coolest insect bc they eat insects that kill my garden, kill their mate, & continue fucking&eating him after 
 i just assume if i call myself hot someone will accept it as truth 
 You can hear me read one of @avxlanche's poems here and you should bc it's a cute poem and I'm hot  
  
 
 Siri is being updated to create a personality out of the person who responds to your texts the least, only obsessed with you. 
 Ask not what you can do for your country but what your iPhone can do for you 
 I have a vagina but you can still call me sir 
 Unless the new iPhone acts as a teleportation device I'm not getting it 
 Want to be famous so girls carve my name into their tits. 
 A girl like a silent film with no captions. 
 I'm looking at you like it's Christmas and no one can afford to get you for me. 
 Second base is when you call me after a month of texts. 
 
 
 First base is when I see you. 
 Honey, I Ate The Kids 
 I fall in love with strangers based on how they take their coffee. 
 She's ready 2 pwn n00bz 
 15,600 people followed me into the river. None of them came up for air. Check your followers with // twitcult 
 True Life: I Thirst Follow 
 He threw a firecracker at me. 
 Want the sun to explode so you don't have a reason to get out of bed. 
 lol 
 *car crashes* 
 anyone hurt 
 i am  
 u look ok 
 i havent seen her since Christmas  
 i mean from the wreck 
 she smelled like the cold walking in 
 Sunday update 
 The devil weighs more than the angel and that's why you walk slow when you're making a decision. 
 The devil weighs more than the angel and that's why you walk slow when you're making a decision. 
 I only date girls who have killed at least 3 living things. Babies don't count. 
 I only want to die in a way that my family would be embarrassed to tell people. 
 
 Ariana latte grande 
 a cool date would be: 
 How to get a girl to kiss you: 
  
 ⚪️ buy her flowers  
 🔘 kiss her best friend 
 ⚪️ text her every morning 
 ⚪️ bring her candy 
 My snapchat is full of men punching their dicks and girls strangling themselves. 
 First I park my car then I think about you naked 
 all the girls I wanna nail are 4chan twitter smh 
 smh @ cute girls forever 
 As always, if you have to be offensive to be funny, you aren't funny. 
 I'm the kind of sorry you only say when you're tied to a chair. 
 I would have turned wine into water, and you, you into fire. 
 I am putting you out of my mind further than you have forced me out of my own. 
 Who cares how tall a man is? He's gonna end up on all fours anyway. 
 Being followed in store 
 Being followed in store 
 911 can I help you 
 I can't stop thinking about us at 16 & how much you hated your mother 
 I still do 
 Tell me you wanna runaway with me again 
 knock knock 
 who's there? 
 that uncle no one mentions, your first kiss, the friend you let drive drunk, your father 
 I'm calling the police 
 waterboard me like you're trying to get me to say I love you 
 I met God and she said to stop praying. 
 Look, I've been gaming for 20 years and... oh 
 Giving you a reason to bathe. 
 I need you to talk for like 5 hours and take your socks off. 
 In chess you lose if you lose your king right but who comes to save his ass? The queen. Who do you get more upset about losing? The queen. 
 Two sisters are in love and need to be honest about it for one to unfreeze 
  
  #ExplainAFilmPlotBadly 
 You know when you're sick and your head makes that ocean sound? That, but whenever I think about you undressing. 
 You're my favorite thing to think about when I'm trying not to think about anything else. 
 Most people just want to make you feel stupid 
 I've got 99 problems and a girl I have a lot of respect for that continuously rejects me is definitely one 
 I think my biggest problem in life is someone is going to tell me I'm too fucked up to be loved and I never believe them. 
 Share a coke with someone you don't know what else to say to 
 Halfway Between Where You Sleep And Where It Rains 
 Your birthday surprise is every candle you blow out turns into someone you used to love even the people in magazines you'll never know 
 Fear is healthy but it's also debilitating 
 I started drinking. It's 9am. Was your childhood full of fear? 
 I started drinking. It's 9am. Was your childhood full of fear? 
 Always carry change so when a little kid is short 50 cents and can't decide if they want food or a drink more, you can give it to them. 
 Important 
  
 
 so much blood so much kissing 
 I need a lot of attention. 
 plantandmineral just told me a need a good avocado and some water and she's right I do 
 "What's one thing that can make you feel better tonight?" 
 "FLIRT WITH PRIYA" 
 IF YOU LISTEN YOU CAN HEAR HER SAY "HECK" 
 sext: 
 It's weird when you find someone that doesn't make you feel uncomfortable about what you think but they're 3,000 miles away from you. 
 You're so wonderful everyone's in love with you but you're in love with me 
 I wanna listen to you tell me what you ate today 
 Don't trust anything that bleeds for days and doesn't die, boys? I don't trust anything with two heads that's still an idiot. 
 You say tomato I say everything else 
 There's actually a school of piranha that live inside of me. They swarm through my entire body and that's why I can't think when you smile. 
 A guy walks into a bar. He picks a fight with someone because he's upset about whatever drove him to start drinking again. 
 A traveling library? 
 Everyone's always talking about girls with daddy issues. I have mommy issues. Where's my support team? 
 I woke up from another two hour slumber and I stumbled out and everyone apparently is cleaning the garage rn lol 
 Sometimes I forget your name and I don't know what this means. 
 Sometimes I forget your name and I don't know what this means. 
 Calling someone attractive isn't the best way to say Don't Kill Yourself. 
 If God made the universe, who made you? 
 what is beauty? — Seeing something 1000 times and still being in awe. 
 Love is understanding someone when they mumble. 
 Someone just made me whimper and record it in a store. I'm in love. Thank you. 
 Is there a mint chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream because if so I need it 
 The horny space geckos died. I am so sad right now. 
 
 
 If you put two uncontrollably sad people in a room you get a desire for opiates, drunk driving, and kissing. 
 For Halloween I'm going to be your ex girlfriend. 
 You could light a city with those hands. 
 
 Same 
 If women aren't supposed to criticize men why do I always hear "only god can judge" 
 Other top notch creations thank you Brand New and 2003 
 It's actually really terrifying that twitter now shows what people favorite oh my god no 
 It's actually really terrifying that twitter now shows what people favorite oh my god no 
 Will Audrey Get More Than Two Hours Sleep? 
 You open the door. I'm on the other side, unexpected. You are wearing his shirt. It takes seconds to remove it & lock the door behind me. 
 Your mother comes in your room. She hasn't changed it much. Just the sheets every few months hoping they find you, soon. 
 This is it. This is the last day you're alive. You don't know it yet, though. You're in bed texting someone who will never see you again. 
 Isn't it weird how you or someone you know has fallen in love through the internet 
 Just chugged a beer in the bathroom mirror naked hmu for how to love yourself 
 Let me be your favorite plant. The one you keep closest to the window. 
 goth is a lifestyle, not a trend. 
 I could stare at you until I go blind. 
 
 
 Legit hiding bc I guess there's a gathering here today ;( 
 SAME. 
 I hope the sun explodes and your wish comes true. 
 Why doesn't anyone care when men's nudes get leaked? Idk. Just seems like another unsolicited dick pic to me 
 Echo locate me 
 Really all you need to know about joanna Newsom 
 Take half an hour to read my tweets out loud to the person next to you. 
 "You told me you wouldn't be terrible." 
 "You told me you wouldn't be terrible." 
 I like guns, legs, sashimi, and long walks back and forth across my room. 
 I wanna kiss the girl that isn't smiling. 
 Okay but will your family go down on you? No? Ok then wtf are you having dinner with them for 
 You look best tied down. 
 FRIEND???!!!!?? 
 It's so easy to love when you're on opiates. 
 Don't trust a girl who smokes menthols. 
 Internet as a verb. 
 Thinking about how cool I'm gonna look shooting zombies while you're kissing me 
 I think if the girl I loved got bit by a zombie and I only had one bullet I would shoot myself 
 I think you're all miserably hateful people. 
 ARIES: my heart was made of snow adjusting to your inaccessible smile. 
 AQUARIUS: no quake of voice as all time defines still, we are not plants, we are the windowsill. 
 TAURUS: old lovers never forget. 
 PISCES: you, with your unconcealed loathing, a deep help; counting lucky stars, but not the sun. 
 CANCER: your summer clothes are in the trunk with your body. I loved you last night. 
 SCORPIO: no god nor slave can be released in the eyes of the predator. No god, no dog, will hear you. 
 SAGITTARIUS: a corollary of anger and lust have let jealous nights steal your heart. 
 SAGITTARIUS: a corollary of anger and lust have let jealous nights steal your heart. 
 CAPRICORN: a touch of Modesty, I know you have seen her. 
 LEO: a monster made of fairies. 
 GEMINI: a disassembling surge unearths the ground you sleep on; all life and dead walks while you dream. 
 LIBRA: a surprise of moral will find you undressed. 
 When life hands you lemons ask for something bigger. 
 VIRGO: boundless preparations in a sunroom walled with novels and a table to serve yourself on for my eyes and the dust. 
 The waitress pours my coffee. I always say thank you, for everything. I say thank you more times at that table than she hears all night. 
 I rest coffee and ashtrays on my one night stands. 
 I live my life under the impression we all hide things under the floorboards and are afraid of people going through our junk drawers. 
 deliver a msg for me please. IF YOU DONT TALK TO ME IN THE NEXT HOUR IM LEAVING YOU. — How do I even????? 
 Don't use the packets they give with ramen. Use hoisin sauce, sriracha, and a drop of sesame oil. Truly transforms your dish. You're welcome 
 My life changed for the best when I realized I was supposed to drain ramen completely. 
 You drove me crazy. Thank you for the ride. 
 It's the weirdest thing that I can make someone's day just by acknowledging them. 
 a cool date would be: 
 The only thing I don't regret romanticizing is survival. 
 What are people who aren't in love like? 
 How I eat ass 
  
 
 911 what's your emergency  
 MY HOUSE IS ON FIRE I NEED HELP EVERYTHING I LOVE IS GONE 
 sir calm down what's your location 
 IDK WHERE SHE WENT 
 911 what's your emergency  
 MY HOUSE IS ON FIRE I NEED HELP EVERYTHING I LOVE IS GONE 
 sir calm down what's your location 
 IDK WHERE SHE WENT 
 Knock knock 
 Who's there? 
 *window slams shut* 
 What the 
 Knock knock  
 Who's there 
 *sinks turns on* 
  
 (this is what a house without you is like) 
 I was so mad at Mona Lisa one day bc she looked like she had a secret too 
 Send this song to your internet crush that me and @map_keeper wrote  
  
 
 sext 
 How much dick do I need to suck to sound like Lana del Rey 
 Talk about the Void like it isn't heaven. 
 I put a spell on you, and now you're really worried. 
 Love isn't meant to be death-defying. 
 Do you want to play a game? Okay. We can't fall in love with each other. I'll start. 
 Leading reason people don't kill themselves is bc they think about their favorite band and how they'll miss the next album 
 I'm drunk and worthless. 
 If home is where the heart is I must be homeless 
 She looks like Lana and refuses to text me. 
 Michelle has been forcing me to function so we did a song about wanting to wake up with people you meet on twitter  
  
 
 I haven't been sleeping at all. In the last two weeks I've slept 12 hours and I don't know what's going on often and I'm really confused 
 Michelle said I can't kill myself until I try to get help but I have zero interest being alive anymore but am holding out until therapy 
 I've been trying to get my life to end for the last 2 days and am considering suicide by cop but I don't wanna be a twitter trend 
 I need help I need help I need help 
 selfie 
 selfie 
 Asked someone what I was like from 17-21 
 The Company You Kept My Sleeplessness 
 Where Am I Moving Next 
 If you wanna know how I'm doing I intentionally just bathed myself with bleach 
 If you knew how many flies I have caught with coffee. 
 One day I hope everyone sees you the way you showed me. 
 The difference between us is I'm looking for love and you're looking to be loved. 
 I've tried to burn my fingerprints and cut them off so many times but they just come back. Thanks, human body. 
 It's weird how my fingerprints look like galaxies. 
 Can we do this again? Just write my handle on public toilets and send me pics of it 
 I liked you better when you hated yourself. 
 reasons to text you: 
  
 ⚪️you're pretty  
 ⚪️you're smart 
 🔘you're destroying my self-esteem  
 ⚪️you're funny 
 Your heart broke. Your dad died. Sometimes you don't eat. You don't have it that bad. There are people in this world who like Nickelback. 
 I finally understand "there are other fish in the sea" bc some of us are food and some of us are options 
 When I was a kid all I wanted when I grew up was to be a daughter. 
 Finally someone crushed me on the internet in a way I didn't like like I did to most of you 
 I've Seen You Naked But You Won't Answer My Texts: A Love Story 
 welp 
 welp 
 I like people who like everything and everyone but me. 
 I can't take a photo bc it's too far away and I don't wanna scare them but there's 10 birds walking in a straight line slowly w a hurt one 
 I just figured out how to open this. 
 It's good you still think I'm funny even after you cum. 
 Sometimes kids cry because they're tired and maybe that's what's wrong with you. 
 My anaconda don't want none unless you got a winning personality and a few sisters just in case, hon. 
 I had a dream about you last night and I can't control myself. 
 She's not thinking about you. Stop. She isn't thinking about you. She hasn't. Just stop. Stop. Stop upsetting yourself. She has no interest. 
 Need a girlfriend? 
  
 ▪️Learn to play guitar  
 ▪️Acquire "exotic" pet 
 ▪️Chew with your mouth closed 
  
 That's it. That's the secret. 
 I don't hold grudges. I hold hands. 
 the phantasmagoria revival 
 Sweet like your first cup of coffee. 
 A girl like a library. Everyone pulls things out quietly. 
 Trying to say I love you like "I put your phone on the charger" and "do you want me to grab you food on my way home?" 
 I want to die beneath Nicki Minaj. 
 I can dismantle you like I'm cleaning a gun. 
 You Got What I Need But You Say I'm Just an idiot who won't stop bothering you bc I'm unwell mentally & emotionally and can't control myself 
 If I could just replace all my organs with wine glasses. 
 I think hearing someone smile is the most important thing. 
 I think hearing someone smile is the most important thing. 
 Step into puddles and tell the rain you are in love with the sound of her smiling on the phone. 
 Watch her cross her legs, her hands barely adjust her skirt. Now tell me you don't believe in God. 
 It's easy to love someone you don't know. 
 Boy Meets Crippling Rejection 
 I spend a lot of time reorganizing things that don't need to be touched. 
 One day you're gonna wake up and you're gonna think about me and it's going to be so early in the morning for once but too late to call. 
 Are you in love? 
 No. I'm in trouble. 
 You don't have to answer my texts. I still think you're amazing. 
 Your sheets are the color of surrender. 
 I get scared to talk to you because I'm afraid I'm your biggest trigger. 
 Dante 
 I made her read back to me. 
 The sun is HUGE and I got scared bc there are no mountains in the distance like normal 
 I thought I heard the birds talking. Something about anchorage 
 You're not cute enough to ignore me. 
 Please someone help me 
 It's 6am I'm drunk my guilt is a cannibal 
 Honestly if you have nothing to lose just completely lose yourself in someone else 
 Honestly if you have nothing to lose just completely lose yourself in someone else 
 Hello. I need a girl to make uncomfortable bc I'm on a patio with a group of men and one just beat me in chess by cheating 
 We play chess every night. 
 EVERYONE KNOWS MY FAVORITE BEER IS AS THICK AS BLOOD. DO NOT JUDGE ME. I AM A SUCKER FOR SEASONAL BEERS. THIS DOES NOT RUIN MY BEER STATUS 
 I think we are bachelors. 
 I'm mad you don't like me as much as I like myself. 
 Why would I go to the museum when I could just look at you? 
 I want to plaster a collage of your eye rolls on my bedroom wall. 
 You and me baby ain't nothing but mammals so let's do it like they do in the butcher shop. 
 I put all my time into a nice girl and all I got was this lousy feeling. 
 DETACH FULLY 
 I want to fly to you but I also want the plane to crash to make it seem like you were worth it. 
 Enjoy your day. It's always beautiful where you are. 
 One day instead of getting the shit beat out of me to feel close to someone, I'll just get to take pills and forget I was ever like this. 
 I wanted to be something your mother would approve of. 
 I forget how many people I nurtured that I've lost to nature. 
 Sometimes I think about how worried I was. Other times I remember you took lifeguard classes. Most of the time I think about the drive back. 
 You didn't come up for air and I was certain the waves were trying to convince me to go back home, too. 
 You didn't come up for air and I was certain the waves were trying to convince me to go back home, too. 
 Do you think your children will ever wonder what you were like when you were 21 but be afraid to ask? 
 I didn't get my jaw broken but I did get a good reminder. 
 It's weird loving something you've never seen move. It's when I see skyscrapers and their windows into your callousness, photos of you. 
 Hospital beds feel more comfortable than sleeping with you in October. 
 A quiet life for a loud thing. 
 All I wanted in life was a nice girl who didn't get mad too much and a cabin with enough land for my dog to be happy. 
 snapchat game strong!! 
 LOOK WHAT DANNIEL FOUND OMG 
 Bite the hand that feeds. Eat the whole hand. Feed yourself. 
 I just think cacti are the best gifts. 
 MICHELLE AND I ARE DOING ANACONDA ACOUSTIC PLS BE WAITING FOR THE UPLOAD 
 Who the hell emailed me an essay about the American government???? 
 You walk into the room. I look up. You walk through another doorway. You walk into the room. I look up. This repeats for years. 
 I love when you make me stutter. 
 I wanna replace all the magazines in the doctor's office with whiskey. 
 Please fuck me Friday. 
 Twitter raves. Listen to us make music. We are your new favorite band!!!  
  
 
 Twitter raves. Listen to us make music. We are your new favorite band!!!  
  
 
 Remember The Titans: Lust, Greed, Wrath, Gluttony, Pride, Sloth, Envy 
 You make me feel like I'm 13. Like I'm supposed to be ashamed of how I feel. 
 I like big butts and all I do is cry. 
 We are very drunk 
 Deleting you out of my diary. 
 I have no idea how to diffuse bad situations I didn't intentionally cause. 
 Nicki Minaj's laugh in Anaconda is so scary but like sexy scary 
 This song is about being pushed to admit how you feel about them and then scolded for it. @map_keeper is so good ugh 
  
 
 I open my mouth. Wider. Wider. You put your fingers in. Pull. Pull. My cheeks split. Blood gushes. You still can't understand what I said. 
 Engle put this on my door. The bandaid is for emotions. 
 I'm the Reading Rainbow of Twitter 
 I used to get sad I couldn't just ask people driving next to me what they were doing or how they were feeling, and then I made a twitter. 
 Let's not forget that snckpck made a bunch of racist tweets and transphobic comments and also that lil b has no respect for women. 
 Everyone I know is having kids and I'm just like "why can't I find the perfect peanut butter to jelly ratio" 
 You can't love me until every beer bottle becomes an ashtray. 
 I'm running out of things to say to you so I'm learning a new language. 
 Don't leave just because I do. 
 bae is easier to say drunk 
 This is one of my favorite beaches 
 This is one of my favorite beaches 
 Kiss me like it's Halloween. 
 Team Get Priya Obsessed With Me 
 Drake probably apologized to Nicki. 
 SAGITTARIUS: I turned away from the carnage of your sighs. 
 SCORPIO: your victims are in wait beyond your hailing shade. 
 CANCER: and as your guest, my love unfolds. 
 ARIES: wander long, the world is small. 
 TAURUS: be wise in your departure or her arrival will debilitate you. 
 AQUARIUS: smoke bends with each of your exhales. So do I. 
 GEMINI: sail through the whelps of summer; only silence hides in snow. 
 PISCES: what gulf are you seeking from inside his arms? 
 LEO: you awoke despite the plagues she called. 
 VIRGO: with unjust terror, he braved a death of truth. 
 CAPRICORN: your dreadful jove, and how my legs turn to waves. 
 LIBRA: more slaves than moons, Jupiter. 
 LIBRA: more slaves than moons, Jupiter. 
 I triple dog dare you to rip open the drawers, pull the hangers out, and without folding a single thing, get in the car and come see me. 
 Knock, knock. 
 Who's there? 
 I love. 
 I love who? 
 That's what I've been trying to figure out. 
 Horny sounds like a dangerous word, and it is. 
 Here are some tweets to retweet. 
 Let someone go ahead of you on the road or in line once in a while. It'll encourage them to do the same for another stranger. 
 Alright. @map_keeper and I have formed a band and this is our newest upload. It's a Lana Del Rey cover.  
  
 
 educated white trash 
 FOUND THE SPIDER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 You and I, we were born to sigh. 
 🎶 don't make me fat don't make me cry sometimes one is not enough and I can't stop I don't know why 🎶 
 Thank god it's really raining in the desert 
 BLEED IN BLEED OUT BLEED IN BLEED OUT BLEED IN BLEED OUT BLEED IN BLEED OUT BLEED IN BLEED OUT BLEED IN BLEED OUT BLEED IN BLEED OUT BLEED 
 Me yelling 
 I love how there's no sidewalks 
 I am so tired of 9/11 garbage from kids who weren't even walking yet when it happened. 
 I am so tired of 9/11 garbage from kids who weren't even walking yet when it happened. 
 I love the way you say honey. 
 I like to dedicate to first two hours I'm awake to watching vine videos when I can 
  
 
 We are looking for a reason to ask for rain. 
 Someone keeps writing FUCK SUCK IT ASSHOLE SHIT EATER in the mirror so I wrote RELAX 
 There's blood everywhere. I blacked out and have no idea wtf happened 
 Looks like rain. Feels like Christmas without you. 
 
  
 Check out @map_keeper and I sing a song 
 Who can do erotic hypnosis? 
 Engle just informed me that "we" are quitting smoking. 
 911 what's your emergency 
 Everything 
 I hate loud funerals. I hate loud wakes. Death is quiet. Stay quiet or you'll wake them. 
 The chatter of family & friends & people you haven't seen in years dies down. You're wondering why everyone is so loud at your funeral. 
 The only things I eat in bed are pussy and ass. 
 Mad heart eyes 
 New pill is proven to make you something someone can be proud of 
 Same 
 Same 
 This is always the best 17 minutes of my life. Just listen. And read the lyrics.  
  
 
 Will never forget the day you told me you romanticized calculus first. 
 Sometimes I find CDs I assume people launch out their window and I never knew why anyone would do that until I met you. 
 Why did the chicken cross the road?  
  
 Because it wanted a better life for its family and was tired of seeing beheadings. 
 I wish I was special. You're so frickin special. But I'm a tweet. I'm a google. 
 I met God and she told me to speak up. 
 We delete tweets because we need control of something when everything is out of our control IRL. 
 NOT ALL MEN NOT ALL WHITE PEOPLE NOT ALL AVOCADOS NOT ALL FRENCH FRIES NOT ALL TREES NOT ALL ABOUT YOU NOT ALL ABOUT YOU NOT ALL ABOUT YOU 
 How many sleeping pills do I have to take to wake up at Friday??? 
 You know that prank where you move everything so ppl know something's wrong but don't know what? That's how I feel when I don't talk to you. 
 You nap I nap 
 Twitter helps me keep track of how little I sleep. 
 Sometimes When We Touch The funneling feeling I get inside just by knowing you'd have me this way Is Too Much 
 Your bed felt like 7,000 bodies had died in it. 
 She rests her palm on the back of your hand. It's a concerned touch. Her fingers draw over yours. She presses. F major. Your palms. E minor. 
 I spend so much time thinking about you I forget what you think of me. 
 You're going to die. The person who hit you is beautiful. The sun is exploding behind them as they crawl through the windshield to kiss you. 
 Sometimes I forget to eat when I obsess over someone. 
 Tinder girl has been so mean to me since she saw my twitter :( 
 Tinder girl has been so mean to me since she saw my twitter :( 
 Oh fuck I forgot I was meeting tinder girl for lunch. this is so lame. I didn't even meet the girl I loved during lunch breaks like wtf 
 5 seconds of Sorry For Leaving 
 Sigh. 
 WILL YOU KEEP YOUR FANCY CLOTHES ON FOR ME? 
 Just wanna sharpen pencils while you watch in horror. 
 Hey we found this guy lol 
 I would let you put an entire pack out on me. 
 Send photos of you in glasses 
 Got a good vid today 
 I don't recognize Sunday mornings anymore. I don't notice anything I loved with you. 
 WEARING BLACK DOESN'T MAKE YOU GOTH 
 The Wait and All My Paranoia 
 oh my god you're so cute 
 Tinder girl has only called me daddy twice and it was to make me get off my phone. 
 I love the internet. 
 You're not attractive enough to have me blocked. 
 I only follow girls I want to see undress. 
 me and you IRL 
 
 
 You are not easy or easing. 
 I dropped things all day because thinking about you makes me clumsy. 
 I found you really attractive until I saw you eat sushi with a fork. 
 Knock knock 
 Who's there 
 Everyone  
 Everyone who 
 Everyone who died before you could say goodbye 
 Knock knock 
 Who's there 
 Everyone  
 Everyone who 
 Everyone who has ever hurt you is here to apologize 
 I really can't stay 
 baby it's cold outside  
 I guess I'll just stay and blow you then 
 Some things I made today. 
 bae: come over  
 me: i've been outside your house for 3 hours you were in the bathroom for a long time 
 Am I the only person who hates Selena Gomez for absolutely no reason? 
 Knock knock 
 Who's there 
 Everyone 
 Everyone who 
 Everyone who ever loved you 
 I'm losing my drive and nothing is making me happy. I am trying so hard. Everyday is painful. Every tomorrow seems so close. 
 here at singing_ghosts headquarters, I am not doing too well and am unsure how much longer this will go on. 
 We are lifeless inside the eyes of sleep. You are warm to me and just as helpless as you are helpful. I am a danger. You are a sign. 
 Everything is very bad and I am doing my best to avoid feeling or thinking. 
 Be the light you wanna see. 
 I just wanted to eat some butt and beat the fuck out of it man 
 ONE DAY ALL THOSE SONGS ARE GONNA REMIND THEM OF YOU, TOO. 
 SCORPIO: you find yourself in bed at 4pm, stretched as if you had fallen from the height of a plane. It's exhausting, falling in love. 
 SCORPIO: you find yourself in bed at 4pm, stretched as if you had fallen from the height of a plane. It's exhausting, falling in love. 
 AQUARIUS: the disillusionment of smiling properly at strangers has left you staring and quiet. 
 GEMINI: people are like knives if you keep using them like that. You can try and fix them but they're never quite how you first had them. 
 TAURUS: amazed, but not surprised, you find solace in the uncomfortable pause you've taken from explaining yourself. 
 CAPRICORN: you work so hard for something that will never work out for you. 
 LIBRA: I keep comparing you to things like birds, but even birds like the company of others. 
 SAGITTARIUS: here you are, six hundred miles from a gas station, wondering if home really is where the heart should be. 
 CANCER: and now we are ripping up rugs and photos like memories don't end up in fractions. 
 VIRGO: one day all those songs are going to remind them of you, too. 
 PISCES: the world isn't your oyster, it's your umbrella. 
 ARIES: you are a little birdhouse; the sound of song, the sight of joy. 
 LEO: like snow falling, almost as if gravity had mercy, your heart sinks without warning upon their arrival. 
 The Subtle Difference Between Honey and Silk: The Incredibly True Story of Her Sleepy Voice 
 bumper sticker idea: a girl and a burning house 
 People don't understand the natural beauty of existence without structure or construction. 
 I thought having an online stalker would be cool until I got one. 
 bumper sticker idea: a woman and an axe 
 Here are some bad tweets for you to retweet 
 oh my god I might tho 
 Michelle is so Canadian bc she thinks TGIF is a good restaurant. 
 Michelle is so Canadian bc she thinks TGIF is a good restaurant. 
 Boston Market is for people who want a divorce. 
 RT if drugs make you a better person 
 Ah, substance abuse. 
 I haven't escaped from giant man baby yet but I'm gonna get a hotel with tinder babe later and hopefully for the entire weekend 
 ❤️ the only girl for me ❤️ 
 There's a garbage art thing in the city, it's a mountain of garbage people call art. I identify with it, I identify with a tower of garbage. 
 I feel bad for people who don't find themselves thinking about you too much. 
 I assume beatboxers are good at oral sex. 
 I wanna kiss you where the sun shines. 
 You're in love with me, not an idea 
 Maybe the next time I pathetically throw myself at you you'll catch me and hold me 
 Home is where the traffic and frantic calls from your mother are. 
 GOD AT LEAST REPLY TO MY EMAILS WITH A VOICE MEMO OF YOU COUGHING OR SMILING OR EATING OR SAYING THE ALPHABET 
 Thank god Priya is wearing that lipstick now I can continue writing this erotica about her 
 Catwalk vs. Bedroom Eyes 
 I have the best fake boyfriend ever. 
 I like big butts and I cannot die. No trust me, I always try. 
 What did you think of Obama's speech? 
 What did you think of Obama's speech? 
 Look @BarackObama just bc Bush could keep reading with kids after the news of 9/11 doesn't mean you get a week until you talk about ferguson 
 There is a point in everyone's life where they have to choose humanity or their job. Most people choose their job. 
 Your drive has been defragmented, but, as in your ambition. 
 I don't worship the booty. I eat, pray, and love the booty. 
 I accidentally started thinking about you taking off your coat. 
 No shirt. No shoes. No problem. 
 In Jersey, this is how we react to terrible things. Also, I'm flying home for a few days and killing someone. 
 Ferguson PD is doing what any other police department in America would do in this situation, and that should fucking terrify you. 
 Riot in the streets. Riot in the sheets. 
 Hello I wanna save the world with you 
 *sighs* 
 missed a spot 
 *sighs there* 
 The Difference Between Danger And Dancing 
 I get yelled at when I take photos of food so this is hurting me bc it doesn't do it justice. Had to be fast 
 I'm a beanie in a bottle. 
 I'm not impressed. Enjoy your latte. 
 Are you doing something cute, again? What is it? Staying in bed all day? Aww. 
 When you say "go fuck yourself" and I'm on my way to fuck someone else 
 Hey, girl. Are you a fox? Because I have no idea what you're saying. 
 Me IRL 
 Me IRL 
 Continuously outraged by the swarm of people who believe depression is when you have a bad day. 
 hey girl r u my bedroom door bc I want to slam u repeatedly and have everyone wonder what's going on upstairs 
 hey girl r u searching to buy a house bc I want u to claim me as ur property 
 hey girl r u precious painting bc I just want to look not touch 
 When I think about @bradylee_ 
 My self doubt brings all the boys to the yard. 
 hey girl r u my computer bc I want u to get hot on my lap 
 I'm so good at being lame. 
 hey girl r u the internet bc i wanna b on u 
 This girl is making me flirt at her and I just hesitantly started with hey girl r u a palm tree 
 "I'm gonna take care of you so hard." 
 Home is where the memories of the future you wanted with her are. 
 I genuinely shed real tears singing this and feel dumb af bc it's a justin Bieber song. It also causes physical pain 
  
 
 Be the change you want to see in the girl. 
 I need so much love I don't deserve. 
 Good texts with my ex 
 Your eyelids heavy as your heart; you are brilliant moonshine. 
 Just want you on my chest mocking me for my irregular breathing. 
 Engle got me drunk so I would stop crying. Ah, adulthood. 
 Engle got me drunk so I would stop crying. Ah, adulthood. 
 She's the kind of girl who would wear red to a funeral and no one would even be mad. 
 That girl lives to tease me. 
 Hey I wrote this poem about you it's called I Used To Hide My Broccoli In My Mashed Potatoes The Way You Hid Me Under The Bed From Your Mom 
 There are so many horrible things going on all at once. 
 I don't think warmachine knows the proper definitions of "surprise" and "fighting for my life" 
 How someone dies shouldn't change how you felt about them while they were alive. There's no reason to dehumanize the dead. Celebrate them. 
 If you were my tiny museum I'd put my hands against your walls and let lovers photograph in awe. 
 Every room you're in smells like rain. 
 I only want transcendental love. 
 Sit on my face in the hospital bed you put me in. 
 Don't worry babe I always got your back even if you hate me 
 We are playing chess by moonlight. 
 Just remembered when I was 5 my dad was a boyscout troop leader and got me in the boyscouts bc I felt left out as a girl lol oh god 
 PISCES: tells you they can't breathe so you go faster 
 VIRGO: enjoys the smell of leather and warm skin 
 AQUARIUS: loves listening to you curse in Spanish 
 TAURUS: can watch you undress for days without a whimper 
 GEMINI: strangles you with their stockings 
 GEMINI: strangles you with their stockings 
 LIBRA: kisses your neck more than they speak 
 LEO: fantasizes about your anger 
 CANCER: keeps your hands against the wall 
 SCORPIO: uses your body like it's disposable 
 SAGITTARIUS: asks for more as a prayer 
 CAPRICORN: hates being called anything other than yours 
 ARIES: cums like a head on collision 
 *sirens go off* 
 Officer, did I do something wrong? 
 You drove right by me, like you didn't even see me. I've loved you since Sunday. 
 Hey girl is that a knife in your pocket or oh fuck 
 Shark week? Just spend a night with me. 
 Eagerness pushes the submissive away. 
 Not even Priya batting her eyelashes at me could make me feel better lol 
 Take me down to the paradise city where the girls are dead but they're still pretty oh take me home 
 My dad died last night. Idk why I'm upset. He was a scumbag. Maybe I'm just sad things really will never get better between us now. 
 Hi. My name is Audrey and I like girls. I have a drinking problem and I like getting hit. I talk a lot but it's just to avoid anything real. 
 SAGITTARIUS: you can paint the cigarette stains off the ceiling but you can't convince yourself to patch the hole I left in the wall. 
 GEMINI: people always say every rose has thorns, but you know that all thorns have their own rose. 
 LEO: I need two nights of your clean hands and you will go home with dirty knees. 
 LEO: I need two nights of your clean hands and you will go home with dirty knees. 
 LIBRA: I've fallen asleep through every important thing in my life but I keep waking up to you. 
 CANCER: forget everything you have ever learned about your body and then try to love someone. 
 CAPRICORN: when your indiscretions no longer keep you awake, your closeted pleasures will fade as well. 
 ARIES: you are sleeping with the executioner. 
 TAURUS: you're so restless, even out of your cage. 
 PISCES: he watched you as if he knew your body was mine. Let's see him dispel me this time. 
 VIRGO: all these books, and you still put me on the shelf? 
 AQUARIUS: "we need to talk" doesn't mean anything specifically. It just means the lack of communication is killing us. 
 SCORPIO: I think about you two inches from me. Your breath warm against my neck. I'm terrified to look at you. My hands stay at my sides. 
 I feel like people who bash Lolita have never actually read it. 
 It's not drinking and driving if you're at a stop sign. 
 When you're more concerned about the ambulance passing before your light turns green than curious as to what happened. 
 all the single ladies all the single ladies now put your hands up  
  
 (everyone is too ashamed to put their hands up) 
 Teen girls IRL tho 
 My fake internet boyfriend smashes his dick in things for me. Thank you. 
 Daniel Johnston cover  
  
 
 Good song I wrote about dating a bulimic 
 Often wondering what Jesus meant to die for. 
 Catch me disheveled in the liquor aisle 
 Catch me disheveled in the liquor aisle 
 Lana del Rey looks like a hot soccer mom. I hope she's bringing the lemonade. 
 I wanna be an alpaca when I grow up. 
 I wish you were asleep on me. 
 Someone asked me why I sound weird when I sing. Well, I don't have an American Idol voice because I am an individual, anon. 
 Transcend into my DMs. 
 Last month I had the same dream every night but a little different. I was cutting different bones out of my living and screaming friend. 
 I had a dream about the holocaust and it was one of the most grotesque dreams I've had in a month probably bc I actually slept 
 You're the only fruit I haven't had. 
 All I want in life 
 I lift you up with my forearms under your thighs. We kiss in a bathroom stall. 
 Somewhere there's a chameleon watching their crush kiss someone else. 
 Every now and then I throw myself into an emotional milkshake and remember T-Rex have never been able to hold their lover. 
 What are you gonna do when the beat drops dead? 
 I love pho. 
 Sometimes I just wanna spend the day photographing you doing mundane things. 
 Wild seahorses couldn't drag me away. 
 #ThreeWordSexPositions lower the casket 
 #ThreeWordSexPositions lower the casket 
 Just imagine her eating a peach and pray she lets you start kissing where it drips first. 
 I told her I like how quiet it is, that she looked like a quiet girl. I tell her sounds are important and that the world is loud today. 
 CAPRICORN: the kind of girl who coughs up moths to clear out some room for you. 
 TAURUS: the kind of girl whose palms get sweaty every time you call her your toy. 
 CANCER: the kind of girl you miss through summer even when the nights are loud and glowing. 
 ARIES: the kind of girl who breaks all the dishes but leaves the glasses intact. 
 LIBRA: the kind of girl who uses the train as an excuse to sleep without you. 
 LEO: the kind of girl who holds your nose while she feeds you your last lover. 
 AQUARIUS: the kind of girl who spins a globe to see where else she can love you. 
 VIRGO: the kind of girl who can hold you like a bookshelf. 
 PISCES: the kind of girl who keeps desire in a birdcage, singing songs about a new kind of love. 
 SAGITTARIUS: the kind of girl who looks like her mother and drinks like her father. 
 GEMINI: the kind of girl who undresses faster for you than she does for her boyfriend. 
 SCORPIO: the kind of girl who can break your confidence, spine, silence, and your windshield. 
 Good content 
 Wanna fall in love with how you say my name when you wake up and right before you cum. 
 The good old days where being goth was about more than just wearing black. 
 You remind me of why I started gardening. 
 Sometimes consider buying 1500 ladybugs to cover my face in just so I can post a photo of it. 
 Sometimes consider buying 1500 ladybugs to cover my face in just so I can post a photo of it. 
 My disinterest in their presence brings all the boys to the yard. 
 Check your sheets every night before you goto bed to make sure there aren't any spiders or another person. 
 Most important tweet of the entire hashtag IMO 
 Is Priya awake is she gonna hear this song I just recorded for her instead of showering 
 Girls just feel better when they're in your lap whispering "daddy pay attention to me" 
 Something about the devil living in all of us. Something about you inside me. 
 Blackout date 
 I'm gonna kiss you so hard you think Christmas is coming early. 
 Want all men in the #FeministsAreUgly tag to post pictures of their dicks. It's for science. 
 Blah blah I'm a dude on the internet & I'm so threatened by women that care about themselves blah blah I like memes blah blah beep boop beep 
 Worship the woods. 
 If #FeministsAreUgly why are they the only people I'm interested in sleeping with????????? 
 I like a lot of things and you are most of them. 
 You look like my death. We spent two hours in the car outside my house. 
 Hey girl are you on fire because every time you get too close I start screaming for help. 
 They should make a sexy dice game with things you actually wanna do to your lover: stab them, have sex with their sibling, ignore them. 
 Fuck 
 A prayer circle around your burning body. 
 A prayer circle around your burning body. 
 I want to be brave inside of you. 
 I want something easy to love and hard to keep. 
 I am weak for you. I am the step that creaks. 
 Sometimes I wonder what Atlantis must have been like, and then I look at you. 
 I want more wine named after sins so you know what to expect from me. 
 I often imagine you taking your clothes off like a sunrise. 
 Looking to worship you the way God warned me not to. 
 Counting how many ways I could kill your next lover. 
 I want to be your favorite throne. 
 Giveaway winner. Nice. 
 You're either down or out 
 Idk how anyone follows me 
 She's the Reese Witherspoon to my Ryan Phillippe 
 This guy is a chump. She's a super monster. She doesn't need your backgammon skills or whatever. Get over yourself 
 If you love something, give it a name. 
 WHY WOULD YOU ANSWER MY PHONE CALL IF YOU'RE MASTURBATING??? 
 enjoy a small comic about audrey's insides -👼 
 Knock knock 
 Who's there 
 🇺🇸 
 You can't come in 
 🔫💰 
 I said no! 
 💥🔥 
 💀 
 Knock knock 
 Who's there 
 🇺🇸 
 You can't come in 
 🔫💰 
 I said no! 
 💥🔥 
 💀 
 Are you more afraid of the fact I might wake up dead or nervous that she'll be the one to find me? 
 Michelle is on my account doing weird stuff 
 I wish my hands were made of fireflies when you wouldn't let me keep the light on. 
 Can't build a house without some [trees screaming in the distance] apologies. 
 AINT NOTHIN WRONG WITH WANTING TO BUILD A CABIN TO SHARE WITH THE GIRL WHO BUILT YOU 
 I thought you were crazy. Your words slipped out like honey. I find myself letting tea get cold, talking to the spaces I wanted you to fill. 
 I considered burying you, just keeping you somewhere the floods won't raise the dirt on days I can't get myself out of the house. 
 It would be cool to travel the world with you but you'd probably just slow everything down. 
 Turn off the moon before you leave. 
 Love is when little kids are grossed out when you kiss me. 
 white people: we like Starbucks and death 
 I feel bad for moths. Their entire life revolves around sleeping and throwing themselves on lights. Same, but with a girl. 
 The phone rings. It's a landline. You're 12 years old again. It's your friend telling you something you thought you'd remember forever. 
 I love talking to you because it sounds like the TV is on when you're sleeping. 
 A wolf dressed as the girl you love. 
 I only have a twitter to harass and flirt with girls. Thank you. 
 If his jaw doesn't unhinge, keep your pants on. 
 Hold on. This is soup, Berry. Take note the liquid. Also, bowl 
 I make soup. Don't listen to Berry about her rice and beans "soup" 
 I make soup. Don't listen to Berry about her rice and beans "soup" 
 Me and you IRL 
 I wanna set you on a fire and call you an accident. 
 Just choke me with the pillowcase. 
 MISERY IS COMPANY 
 Not dead. Hurt 
 Only when you suffer can you learn. 
 If only you were as strong as a plant. 
 A beer shatters at your feet. It was meant for your head. 
 There is only she as a ravenous child where purity was not found in the sounds of summer. 
 If only you'd kick me as hard as you cum 
 There is honestly nothing better than introducing dish soap bubbles to a kid in the sink for 45 minutes. 
 I want to be this boy. 
 Up is on 
 I start to cry bc the beginning  
 Jay: hey audrey 
 Me: what 
 Jay: in the pantry... 
 Me: yeah? 
 Jay: there's an extra can of Man 
 Thinking of new ways to say I love you like breaking all the dishes, sleeping on the couch, kissing the bottoms of your feet, smiling. 
 I'm sitting here not thinking about kissing you. 
 You don't succeed unless you make them stutter and you can hear the trembling in their breath. 
 Love won't be in hands or words, it'll be in flipping coins to make decisions. It'll be in returning habits. It'll be in slurring & trains. 
 Love won't be in hands or words, it'll be in flipping coins to make decisions. It'll be in returning habits. It'll be in slurring & trains. 
 I triple dog dare you to hit me in front of your mother without smiling. 
 Between the Walls of Fantasy and A Coffin (based on the true story of the first night we kissed) 
 When The Hunger Consumes The Thirst 
 Think about God and all the other things you aren't afraid of. 
 Never forget #mensrights 
  
 
 You can't spell love without 911 
 believe her voice not her words 
 I'm gonna come over in a hot air balloon. 
 Dick so bomb they call him World War II 
 Sometimes I wanna start a forest fire so you know I'm still here but I don't wanna hurt anything that isn't you 
 It could be worse. Inspirational quotes could influence me. 
 Just want a girl who will make me press my hands against the wall and think about what I did wrong while they fuck themselves behind me. 
 Still trying to figure out why people think you have to be attractive to be cool. Like, have you not seen Robert Smith in the last 20 years? 
 who are your favourite authors? I don't know how you'... — Rimbaud, Dostoyevsky, Nabokov, Danielewski, Choderlos... 
 I can only date you if your name isn't on a coke bottle. 
 The dish ran away with the spoon because she was young and in love. 
 Something I want to do if I hit the lottery? Hunt human beings with a crossbow. 
 Unless you're a gay man or a trashy 18+ girl, please don't respond to any of my tweets because it overwhelms me. 
 snapchat: singingghost 
  
 But only if you're this girl or close to her 
 snapchat: singingghost 
  
 But only if you're this girl or close to her 
 sadists sadists sadists sadists sadists everywhere 
 Just want you guys to know that I just karaoked The Cranberries " when you're gone " and wept throughout thank you for following me 
 Make wishes at 7:06 because it's 6:66 
 I Wanna Hold Your Hand: A Snuff Film 
 Twitter is my confessional because I've never been to church. These are the things I assume I would admit in a box. 
 Remember when you guys fav'd that tweet so I could burn Engle with my cigarette? Thanks. 
 The fact is we are both animals indebted to nothing but the air. 
 I'm looking for a quiet girl with iron fists. 
 Love is for people who tried to kill themselves too many times. 
 Cool thing about me is I will obsess&pine knowing I have no right to desire you & I have  no say in yr life. I'll just suffer if you need me 
 25 Signs Yr Not As Interesting As You Think! 
  
 • people say yeah a lot when you talk 
 • you reply to texts too fast 
 • you cry when you drink 
 I want to lick your legs in front of everyone you've ever touched. 
 Walk into the club like hey can you play Brand New 
 Calling a truce with your passive aggression. 
 My tinder bio just says "I don't know what's wrong with me but I want you to try and hurt me" and that's been the motto my entire life 
 You are an ocean of desire. You are an ocean in your panties and I am a small boy every time you look at me. 
 Why couldn't Paris make a sex tape with Kim 
 I like big butts and I hope I die. 
 I like girls with big hair. 
 I like girls with big hair. 
 turn ons: neglect, jealousy, abuse, arrogance 
 Really we're all just garbage people trying to find someone worse than us so we end up in the recycling. 
 They call me grease lightning bc dudes are always trying to fix me 
 All I wanna do is sleep without fear the thing I keep seeing hovering over my bed is trying to kill me. 
 Dream relationship IMO 
 I wrote a poem about fucking you. 
 Roses are red boogers are green if you kiss me again I'm gonna scream 
 Waiting for the storm 
 Some people like porn. I like watching girls take their socks off. 
 This is one of the reasons I miss home. 
 I love when you hold things. 
 Michelle may be off twitter but this is her holding a thing. 
 I thought about you again and then the sun came up. 
 Don't mistake rudeness for dominance. 
 THANKS FOR COVERING MY EYES DURING SEX SCENES BUT LETTING ME WATCH 80s SLASHER FILMS, MOM. 
 I feel like everything I've ever done to her was ungodly and impure like I wasn't supposed to treat her like that because I loved her. 
 The first time I fucked a dude I was 100% positive I liked girls. The first time I fucked a girl I was 100% sure something was wrong with me 
 God I just want to lick a fucking mirror you use 
 God I just want to lick a fucking mirror you use 
 I like my women the way I love my cities. Loud and filthy. 
 While playing Kim K, please remember to respond to texts from your boyfriend at least every 3 hours so he doesn't think you've died. 
 Too bad the clouds don't show up on camera as crazy as they look rn 
 Please take a moment away from your Kim K game and hydrate. 
 If I die tonight, I love you all. Thanks for making me feel like a rockstar. Don't let anyone who isn't you from the future stop you. 
 I can't wait for you to tell me I can't put my hands on you. 
 Your ass is grass and I'm gonna let it do whatever it wants this summer. 
 If we fuck and I don't end up in a hospital or a body bag, it wasn't good. 
 I used to put my hands in boiling water because I thought it would clean my head. 
 I like big butts and yours makes me cry. 
 I have a lot of feelings right now and they all involve feeling you. 
 Bawl So Hard 
 Whatever. I just wanted to glue eyes on rocks and name them with you. 
 I would probably dream about you if I could fall asleep. 
 101 Damnations 
 House Fires: How To Keep Your Family Safe From Unrequited Love 
 I used to fall asleep to an album on repeat & whatever was playing when I awoke would sound unfamiliar for a minute. That's you, too. 
 Living in a world where kids are afraid to tell their parents they got raped because their parents will get mad they were drunk. 
 If someone tells you anything you do sucks, write Haters Are My Motivators on a piece of paper, fold it into an airplane, &launch it at them 
 If someone tells you anything you do sucks, write Haters Are My Motivators on a piece of paper, fold it into an airplane, &launch it at them 
 Our hands are just tiny shovels. 
 I didn't know life until a two year old handed me a Gatorade to open for her. 
 Sometimes you just need a hummingbird to hang next to you for two seconds and nothing else matters. 
 The year is 3043. Everyone is dead. 
 One day I'm gonna wake up and nothing is gonna be bad and I'm gonna like kissing with tongue and I'll be appalled by what teens wear 
 I obsess over a girl every two weeks and it's exhausting and I forget to eat. 
 Everything is bad but you are good. 
 Memories are great but sometimes the house doesn't hold them right. 
 If you could just stare at me until my nervous system completely shuts down. 
 After being together for 6 years & breaking up in the worst way, I recorded her saying what she'd say if I died. 
  
 
 If you knew what my bones were made of you wouldn't have broken anything else. 
 I hate you so much. Let's fuck in the pool 
 Whiskey doesn't know what to do bc the cat is eating his food 
 If there's ever a zombie outbreak you'll probably die before you have to watch your loved ones get eaten. 
 All these trees and you made a house out of my head. 
 All this oxygen and I'm still choked up when you look in my direction. 
 I'm an adult. 
 Privileged people are kind of like when you're really sleepy and can't keep your eyes open but you just keep talking. 
 Anti-feminists make as much sense to me as people who don't pick up wet towels from the floor. All you're doing is pissing off your mom. 
 Anti-feminists make as much sense to me as people who don't pick up wet towels from the floor. All you're doing is pissing off your mom. 
 Weird how people hold up signs that don't just say Stop. 
 Imagine me under your window holding a boombox shaped cake because I don't pay attention enough when you talk to know what song you like 
 I don't trust anyone who hasn't taken a photo of a rainbow 
 I'm controlling and possessive and abusive. That's not dominance. That's insecurity. 
 I'm in touch with my irrational behavior. 
 You can explain what sex is. You can explain heaven. You can explain everything but why you're crying over a sink full of dishes. 
 Please send @iamWillemDafoe and @thewordy to my hella opiated thoughts in my moment of need and limping. 
 Oh it's Friday I'm a shit person follow these people instead @anamericangod @ineptune_ @map_keeper @greenhousegoth @bradylee_ @teddy_mccoll 
 If I just lay here can you break my neck with the lamp 
 Girls Gone Mild 
 Love someone who feels like the recovery room, not the car you got hit by. 
 You are exactly what my mother thinks I need. 
 That girl is a walking purgatory. 
 My therapist thinks I'm bored. 
 I didn't understand what made me dangerous until the first time I fired a rifle. 
 I kissed a girl on the train. We were both going nowhere. 
 You're already dead before I come back completely. 
 You're already dead before I come back completely. 
 911 what's your emergency  
 She understands how I feel  
 I'll have someone there in a minute 
 Cute stalkers only 
 I hope you could hear the manipulation in my breathing. 
 Our bodies wash up. We are tangled like seaweed. 
 I give up trying to make friends on twitter because I just seem like a creep and I don't understand how to do this like everyone else. 
 I've spent more time in this guy's bed than his girlfriends. 
 I've spent more time in this guy's bed than his girlfriends. 
 Engle 
 Take 30 minutes to read all my tweets and then tell me how bad they are. 
 I don't have time to hit on girls. I'm too busy irreversibly dying. 
 I don't have time to hit on girls. I'm too busy irreversibly dying. 
 First comes lust, ruin your marriage. Then you come out in a baby carriage. 
 Everything can be a photo of you in bed. 
 She opens a map on the table where you once sat talking about a country you'd never vacation at. The map is just a photo of you in bed. 
 Imagine two tiny elephants kissing with their trunks. They can kiss in your palm. They can kiss your palm. 
 Remember that time I did everything to make you happy but you were too sad to see me as anything other than another reason to hate yourself? 
 I am tired of falling in love with strangers in airports. 
 Hi guys we've msd kg alive success I am exhausts 
 Whoa whoa slow it down I didn't even sleep yet and idk if I trust someone without an iPhone 
 Wow I told her I was gross and sent a pic and she said "I've seen worse. I'm wildly interested. I assume you're hosting" 
 Me trying to record the hawks taking off 
 Anyway. This is the first time I've watched the sun rise in two months. 
 I should stop fetishizing my internalizations. 
 Often wonder how many girls can turn me into a garden without rain. 
 sext: yes, my queen. please let me cum. 
 And I would hope to touch you soft enough you'd have to question if you've ever known anything about me. 
 You can tell how anxious I am by how many tweets I can make in under 10 minutes. 
 You can tell how anxious I am by how many tweets I can make in under 10 minutes. 
 The Incredibly True Adventures Of Dumpster Girl And The Trash Boys 
 I wanna kiss you where your shoulders crack. 
 You And Your Hands: A Documentary 
 Wait is this a sext bc I just thought I was really lame and weird 
 I am a well behaved southern boy trapped in the body of a vulgar city woman. 
 Since when is gifting people human teeth not the most romantic thing ever? 
 I'm gonna walk to the edge of the world with you and take a photo. 
 If you're happy and you know it and you really wanna show it, if you're happy and you know it, go outside. 
 Catch me in the deep end of the pool where you think there's sharks when you're high. 
 I started drinking at 1130am and now here's this song  
  
 
 I'm still looking for that loving part of you I heard in your laugh. 
 I'm attracted to cute girls who cover their faces because they're like Medusa but instead of turning into stone you fall in love. 
 dang girl don't you wanna ruin my life and make me feel like I'm incapable of being cared for by anyone but you? 
 *wakes up throbbing from a dream about you* 
 voyeur (n.) 
  
 a person who derives sexual gratification from observing you read, do dishes, smoke, touch your neck, sleep without the sheets. 
 People can die in ways other than physically. 
 Suffers from asexual paraphilia. 
 the female humbert humbert 
 Throw me inside the couch and force me to hear you love him. 
 Throw me inside the couch and force me to hear you love him. 
 The year is 2014. Hundreds of movies were made about this year. None of us have hover boards but ice cream is dehydrated. 
 Through grievous tirades and a timbering evil, your legs cast out ten thousand men; I am fixed upon the morn, a mourning without sound. 
 I am weighing the cost of loss and you are two steps from the door. It's strange living somewhere where the birds aren't waking me up. 
 Drunk. Obsessive. Harmless. 
 I'm sorry as often as night. 
 My brand is: constantly going after disinterested females to lower my self esteem as often as possible. 
 I didn't choose the goth life, the goth life chose me. 
 Come on in out of the rain and make yourself at home in me. 
 I feel like peanut butter and jelly is the best goto after sex food and I think that's why uncrustables were made. 
 You're not in love with me. You're in love with what I dwell on. 
 Mouth of a succubus, legs of a nightmare. 
 Does who you are when you're aroused ever terrify you? 
 Is it carnal caving or carnage? 
 It's good a little girl can spill milk and laugh about it. 
 How to stay sober tho: babysit 
 I hope it melts your heavy heart bc the last time that we kissed I could feel snowflakes on your lips. 
 Wrap yourself up in my blanket like the perfect Christmas gift I never received from either of your parents. 
 This is the sweetest honest and prob most adorable song I've ever written IMO  
  
 
 This is the sweetest honest and prob most adorable song I've ever written IMO  
  
 
 Only romanticize things your parents hate. 
 Don't think about how you feel. Don't think about it. Be mindless. Be mindless. Be disgusting. 
 Walter says: Stop Romanticizing Lolita 
 Don't tell anyone I have feelings. 
 🎶👻👻👻👻👻🎶 
 We get into a fist fight. 
 A fun one.  
 He runs out of the room and closes the door.  
 He opens it and says 
 "I love you so much" 
 And flees. 
 singing_ghosts autobiography 
 The quickest way to my heart is through peanut butter cups and whiskey. 
 Girls just wanna have puns. 
 When your masochism takes over, every girl is a sadist in your eyes. 
 I came inside because I saw the kitchen light go on when everyone is asleep and: 
 Banana banana a banana  bananas banana an banana banana bananas banana a banana banana banana banana a is the most fun word to text 
 Whispering words of wisdom. Let me pee. 
 I am everything. 
 me and the girls!!!! 
 Eyes open. Hands down. 
 sext: 
 Wanna hold my breath driving through tunnels with you. 
 Wanna hold my breath driving through tunnels with you. 
 😍😍😍😍 
 The cicadas get to sing you to sleep every night and they don't even know how lucky they are. 
 Knock knock  
 Who's there 
 Knock knock 
 Who's there 
 This is your brain 
 This is my brain who? 
 This is your brain on drugs 
 *window slams* 
 To all females: I am sorry. 
 Wow I just had coffee for the first time in days and I am ready to flirt with you 
 Someone please teach me how to be nicer on the internet. Do I have to turn off auto capitalization? 
 New York's on fire again and LA looks like what we did to Japan. The trees have grown feet and they're making houses out of human bodies. 
 If we were space lovers, I would love you through all time. 
 'Yours' is my favorite word because I'm like talking about what I can't have. 
 I love brown eyes because you hate yours. 
 If I had a dollar for every window I wanted to jump out of I would have a dollar bc the only window I want to be going through is yours. 
 Everything is so loud when she doesn't speak. 
 I want to sleep where you are afraid of waking up. 
 "My own desire for her blinds me when she is near" 
 I'm giving my copy away to a really forgiving and understanding follower: 
 A cool date would be: 
 I can't tell if you don't like me or are indirectly grabbing my attention to remind me you're ignoring me on purpose bc you think it's sexy 
 First I park my car then I text you to tell you I'm going to burn your mother's house down if you don't meet me by the apple tree 
 #dog 
 #dog 
 I am an idiot. 
 and her voice saying Daddy has haunted me ever since. 
 Moss grows where you kiss me. 
 If my girlfriend was named after a flower, wow. The things I could say to her. 
 This is so dumb because who has the self control or emotional stability to not open these all in one day?? 
 Yeah but when your feet go between my thighs I'm not gonna be able to just lay here 
 The cool thing about me is you cum four times and then I want you to get the fuck away from me for the rest of my life. 
 If you think tying a cherry stem is impressive you should see what I can do with you. 
 I am a little boy with you in rooms smaller than my whimpers. 
 I'm watching you get dressed and I don't feel any better. 
 If I get killed tonight I want you all to know I regret not favoriting the selfies I lurked, even though I didn't follow you. I lurk hard. 
 I delete the sweetest things you'll never know I wanted to tell you. 
 Sometimes I forget how pretty you are until I see you again. 
 Tag! you're dead. 
 Call me a ghost or garbage. Call me whatever you're trying to get rid of. 
 Often wonder what it would be like if I had broken your heart first. 
 My favorite form of self harm is documenting my life on the internet and being forced to deal with it months later through retweets 
 Need a religious girlfriend to cleanse me of my sins violently just like God intended. 
 Just thinking about you telling me to repeat myself turns me on. 
 Just thinking about you telling me to repeat myself turns me on. 
 I judge how good my days are based on how long I got to stay in bed. 
 When someone tells you it's a less than 1% chance they'd consider you as an option, just remember how fast bacteria grows. 
 Begging is my favorite hobby. 
 The Valhalla of your heart. 
 Catch me strangling myself on the phone with you. 
 Come home. 
 I wanna hear your danger. 
 I wrote Priya a song called Call Me Your Trashboy but she didn't tell me she's in love with me so I think I give up 
 Good photo of me 
 SAGITTARIUS: sadness can be seen inside everything you hang on the walls 
 LEO: what kindness have you mistaken and will she crush you tonight? 
 ARIES: are you out of control or out of reach 
 LIBRA: your heels think everything needs to be a floor 
 SCORPIO: imagine us in the Wild West, your hands on your hips ready to fire like this is our bedroom 
 VIRGO: you want to be held down not up in the image I created for you 
 CANCER: your promises are empty when the bottle is 
 GEMINI: break the silence, break the ice; her spine is an accordion 
 TAURUS: a steady hand for a shaky girl 
 AQUARIUS: now there are long pauses where my name would suffocate you 
 AQUARIUS: now there are long pauses where my name would suffocate you 
 PISCES: if love were a garden you'd be where the path used to rest 
 CAPRICORN: marble grows where your nails should be and my body calcifies with the marks you leave 
 Give me a chance 
 I met God and she's a cat person. 
 Your jeans dropped like an elevator. So did my hands. 
 My future wife is going to start as a follower and I look forward to her favoriting this. 
 Call of Duty: Modern Womanizer 
 The best part of Her was the phone sex. 
 If you're some seductive sociopathic teen, I need to know. 
 Babies on board 
 You're my favorite mango slice. 
 I am so good at being worthless. 
 Call Me Your Trashboy 
 Kids are great because colors are flavors. 
 Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day. Glow in the dark is my favorite color. I like girls that hurt me. I love pale ales and hot sauce. 
 Extreme breakfast burrito 
 You take the hypothalamus and I'll take the floor. 
 I make 50 Shades look like 50 good afternoon naps ok 
 I make 50 Shades look like 50 good afternoon naps ok 
 Will Sing For Nudes 
 I am everything you hate, but in the body of a woman. 
 In high school I pepper sprayed the doorknobs and water fountains and all these people got sent home bc they rubbed their eyes 
 I want to drink whiskey out of your hand and that's all I keep imagining. 
 Thank you, Iceland. 
 LETS GET READY TO STUMBLE over our own words when we make eye contact 
 RT for a chance to win a brand new girl 
 I met God and she told me to leave the light on. 
 If napping was a sport. 
 Ma. I made it. 
 LETS GET READY TO MUMBLE 
 I'm tired of being viewed. 
 Heck isn't a word. It's a lifestyle. 
 911 what's your emergency 
 I still hear her voice. She's smiling. She laughs soft as a warm breeze. Her hands... 
 I'll send someone right away 
 I need to learn to love the things you hate about yourself but I thought I couldn't love you any more. 
 Have you ever met a girl as sweet and slow, her hair golden, her body stretching and straining, as honey? 
 How To Fall In Love In 140 Characters Or Less: an autobiography 
 How To Fall In Love In 140 Characters Or Less: an autobiography 
 I'm horny :/ 
  
 #TweetLikeAWhiteBoySexting 
 I love listening to you tune your guitar. 
 In the wake of death we are faced with mortality. 
 Sometimes you just have to goto the grocery store hungry so your body can tell you what it really wants 
 Things like rooftops and fire escapes. Those are the things we never kissed on. 
 I wanna be excited about things with you. 
 You know when you see something familiar and you can't process what you're seeing? That, but you every time. 
 I like my men the way I like my drinks. Stiff and on ice. 
 I like my men the way I like my fridge. Empty. 
 I like my men the way I like my steaks. Bloody. 
 I like my men the way I like my ambition. Dead. 
 I want an internet girlfriend that never asks how I am feeling and always sends me photos when she feels good about herself. 
 Better safe than in love. 
 I am a collapsing universe. 
 my personal ad: enjoys long walks back and forth in the living room 
 The only thing worse than disappointment is the truth. 
 You were always delirious and ready for a nap. 
 Thank you even though you blocked my number steph I know you lurk my twitter 
 My ex may have cheated on me, broke my heart, and dismantled all hope of trusting anyone ever again but she sent this 
 My ex may have cheated on me, broke my heart, and dismantled all hope of trusting anyone ever again but she sent this 
 sext: cannot form sentences 
 sext: can adore for a lifetime 
 sext: would watch you forever 
 It's hot outside but really cold inside and I didn't want the kitty to get sick. He's dancing with joy. 
 Welcome to California 
 Classic misdirection 
 mysterious selfy of a ghost, who is mysterious 
 twit take'n over 
 If the person who sent me the gift card doesn't come forward I'm buying followers random stuff with the money like bird cages and lipstick 
 WHERE IS THE AMAZON GIFT CARD SENDER 
 Anyway, I need a gorgeous and mildly educated female to pine over. 
 If every girl talked to me like customer service. 
 Often feel like Lana Del Rey because I'm always getting in the pool sober and coming out drunk. 
 Wershing machine for the anon (he changed it to waesh the second time) 
 "You are definitely mentally unstable." 
 Pho and avocado smoothie 
 I've gone my whole life thinking as long as I can smile when a kid smiles I can make it through this alive. 
 I would love living in a world where men are afraid to look up, tbh. 
 We accept the girls that we think we can afford. 
 We accept the girls that we think we can afford. 
 Are you holding my hair back or are you holding me back? 
 It's weird how instead of holding your hand I was always holding doors. 
 If a tree falls in the forest and you were texting someone, did you hear the question? 
 Hey girl, are you the sun? Because when you're up I don't wanna get out of bed. 
 Isn't it the worst when you're out and some girl says "daddy" so you turn around and she's talking to her father? 
 You get a coke bottle with your dad's name and never drink soda again. 
 Sometimes feel like Fiona in Shrek because I turn into a disgusting monster when the sun goes down. 
 The most addictive thing in this world is unfamiliarity. 
 There is a pleasure only fear can instill. 
 If the world gets swallowed by the things inside us are your fingertips going to glow all summer 
 I have to go to the hospital or I'm going to die. 
 Our anger stems from a loss of possession. 
 A cool date would be 
 I swear to god I'm gonna get better. 
 Quote tweet this with your favorite movie(s) 
 This entire account is one big Please Call My Mom And Tell Her I'm Sorry 
 When you die, the birds forgive you. 
 Wanna kiss you in a movie theater even if I never get to see this film again. 
 #WomenAgainstFeminism sounds like Lazy And Privileged if you say it five times fast 
 #WomenAgainstFeminism sounds like Lazy And Privileged if you say it five times fast 
 horoscope: today doesn't have to be like yesterday but will you remember that tomorrow? 
 Fall in love with the kind of girl who has forests lost inside her. 
 Think about all the people who wake up at 4pm. They're in love with someone. 
 But First, We Fall In Love: A Documentary 
 First we fall in love. Then we fall asleep. 
 I spent a long time staring down a dark hall and all I kept thinking was "please god something touch me" 
 All I have left is love for everything and time for no one. 
 #mcm 
 "If you can't handle me at my tweets, you don't deserve me at my drafts." - Marilyn Monroe 
 WAIT WHO IS ONLINE YOU ARE DECIDING IF I GET TO TOUCH HER FEET AND TO WHAT EXTENT 
 10 FAVS I RUB THEM 
 20 KISS 
 30 SUCK/LICK 
 40 ALL THE ABOVE 
 BYOB: bring your own broomstick 
 BYOB: bring your own benzos 
 BYOB: bring your own boyfriend 
 Sup? Let's get some juice boxes. 
 "You break it. You buy it." 
 She can't afford this kind of love. 
 I'm quite pleasant, actually. I'm just a pervert and American. 
 I stare at people staring at women who are bent over. 
 I know she's beautiful. I've seen her unravel. 
 Passenger of murderous passing and premeditated hunger. 
 Passenger of murderous passing and premeditated hunger. 
 All my favorite songs are about leaving. 
 I'm sorry I broke your heart but you broke mine first. 
 Your mom must have sneezed giving birth to you because god are you blessed. 
 A passenger is someone who is always unhappy. 
 Every time I count how many firearms are in the house, I drink that many beers in celebration of not using any of them on myself. 
 You look out over the road and it's overlooking a tiny town full of houses with trees growing from the chimneys. 
 My heart under a microscope: you are asleep with both pillows. 
 I have a bunch of accidental drafts just from tweets not sending on planes and trains so here goes 
 Train up north 
 Verve pipe//freshmen It really is the best 90s song like fuckkkk I haven't thought about this song since the 90s 
  
 
 I forgot to post this earlier. 
 I can figure out how much you love me just by what time you get out of bed. 
 All I want is someone to love and not that like dumb "I wanna kiss and hold hands" no I want someone to love that just wants to sleep 
 You guys want a fucking story? I'm getting on a train tomorrow and I'm gonna go visit the first girl I ever kissed. 
 Still looking for someone who doesn't make me feel like my mother. 
 "I'm all the fishes in the sea" 
 Have you ever tried so hard for something because you knew if you didn't have it you didn't have anything else worth waking up for 
 Have you ever tried so hard for something because you knew if you didn't have it you didn't have anything else worth waking up for 
 You're not strong enough for this heavy heart, it doesn't matter how much you drink. 
 Do you wanna argue or do you wanna shut up and kiss? 
 I'm sorry I'm like this. 
 You fall asleep in the car. You wake up and don't know how long everyone's been dead for. You remove your seatbelt and get out to smoke. 
 Why do people enjoy laying in the sun? Just lay next to her. 
 caving_ghosts 
 Read her story. Donate if you can. 
  
 
 Is it okay if I fall in love with you or should I just take the stairs? 
 I want my cake and I want to eat it off of you. 
 If I say I wanna fuck you, what I mean is I want to watch you bend over a lot and make me wish I never met you. 
 Hey girl are you in a relationship bc if you say yes I'll try twice as hard 
 The sky looks like God just waved goodbye. 
 singing_ghosts walks the desert to make apple fish tacos: 
 Still being attacked. 
 If you're happy and you know it, don't fall in love. 
 If you're happy and you know it and you really wanna show it, if you're happy & you know it, try staying sober. 
 Girls girls girls 
 homosexual propaganda twitter 
 I didn't choose the homosexuality. The homosexuality chose me. 
 I didn't choose the homosexuality. The homosexuality chose me. 
 all straight girls are looking for something they can only find in women 
 So in love w you 
 someone has a photo I took saved on their twitter. Love this photo. I loved this day. Day after fiona Apple in Philly 
 A girl a day keeps the doctor away. 
 If you weren't so attractive this would be so much easier. 
 Show me your teeth. Or arms. Show me whatever part of your body you like best. 
 Feel bad for everyone who isn't in love with you and the sounds you make on the phone. 
 Wanna blow you kisses from a police car. 
 When I look at you, I see the long way home. 
 When I look at you, I can't understand why people would pray to anything else. 
 When I look at you, all those stupid books I make fun of make sense. 
 I have a lot to hide and I hide it in other people. 
 A cool date would be watching you and your friend kiss forever: 
 DANG 10/10 WOULD SMOOCH MYSELF 
 (you're my fav followers shhhh) 
 I have the biggest tongue in the world. 
 You cannot mistake bravery for drunk. 
 Are you awake? Are you a creepy girl? 
 Listened to 10 seconds of the weeknd just bc it's not fair to judge without listening.  
  
 10 seconds. 
 Listened to 10 seconds of the weeknd just bc it's not fair to judge without listening.  
  
 10 seconds. 
 Twitter meet up 
 Holy crap. Weird al is relevant again 
 I'm not a FUCONG poetry account and I'm being attacked by a wasp trying to tweey this@ 
 Please dismantle my ego. 
 I have Tourette's, but of the heart. 
 And then our bones are made of tile. 
 Bro do you even bleed just to know you're alive 
 You look good naked. It's too bad you're a garbage human being. 
 thank you best follower ever for sending my mom garden vegetables &lt;3 
 Knock knock 
 Who's there 
 *picture frame falls off wall* 
 *bedroom door slams* 
 A cool date would be: 
 "Are you pouring gasoline on that?" 
 Loving you was easy. Leaving you was easier. 
 My roommate is telling me that when I was sleeping in his bed he would cuddle me in my sleep and that I enjoyed it. 
 If you became a body of water you'd be a waterfall hiding some cool cavern behind it and I would risk life and warmth to get in there. 
 Also if I die & you have suicidal thoughts (in general not just bc I died but I expect it to occur for that too) please don't kill yourself 
 People are always like "it's the internet" but you're all real people with real feelings and i think it's good we all are here 
 Look guys if I die I want you to know I appreciate you for taking the time to read my tweets&stories&talking to me& sharing yr life w me too 
 Sometimes when I feel bad I just clean rifles and it takes my mind off things 
 Sometimes when I feel bad I just clean rifles and it takes my mind off things 
 I would make a great boyfriend if I weren't a girl. 
 You're not my rebound, you're my savior. 
 All I want is a girl to let me tell her what lingerie I like better on her. 
 She's got eyes like a state of emergency with my hands that can't evacuate her body. 
 You're wondering what the car ride would be like if you drove all the way home with her. 
 Intimacy is waking up before her alarm goes off. Getting her stuff ready and kissing her eyelids good morning. 
 Intimacy is spelling words for her she hasn't handwritten in years. She got so familiar with texting until she finally met you. 
 true love 
 I don't mind that it hurts when I look at you. 
 Cross your fingers I don't have ovarian cancer or anything not easily fixed by meds. 
 Look. I'm getting drunk tonight and we are making a lot of tweets about how much it hurts to get turned on thinking about you. 
 Why the fuck is it so much money to make sure I don't die? I'm not that fucking valuable, America. 
 If a third of you donate a dollar to my paypal, I can afford to goto the hospital.  
  
 zombaud@yahoo.com 
 *goes to the doctor* 
 it feels like there's glass inside my body.  
 what's your heart made of? 
 I like to live my life saying "if I ignore it, it's not happening" and this is why I will probably not make it to 28. 
 People have hung all sorts of things with no reason for years and who even cares about what's on the wall if it isn't her? 
 I might actually post this 10,000 word thing one day 
 You're so far away but I keep waking up with you. 
 You're so far away but I keep waking up with you. 
 Don't turn me on. It's not even 7am yet. 
 Lust is predetermined chaos. 
 Earlier today from the yard 
 WHO THE HECK GAVE BIRTH TO YOU? HOW ARE YOU ALL THIS PERFECT???? 
 Hi, everyone. I think I went into shock today from severe pain. Please send me cute photos of you in case it happens in my sleep and I die. 
 I am uncertain if I want to live or die until I think I'm dying in a bed that isn't mine. 
 The safe word is her dead father's name. 
 Look guys, @pizzaequalslife is a bad bitch ok and I won't rest until she's fucking famous  
  
 
 I'm not friend material. 
 10/10 
 She's walking her pet 
 "Hey, Adam. Go down on Eve so she doesn't ruin everything." 
 "Alright! Thanks, Snake." 
 "Eve, I got Adam to agree to oral. Grab that apple." 
 Like what do you think the snake was doing in the story of Adam and Eve? Giving relationship advice? 
 I'm sorry the world is cruel but she used to be good to me. 
 Thank yourself for all the times you kept yourself from saying 'I love you' 
 You think you're fighting because she's mad. You're fighting because she's found someone else. 
 I wonder what it's like to be friends with someone who only listens to singles. 
 The first time I had sex, I fell asleep. What was your first time like? 
 One man's trash is another man's daughter. 
 One man's trash is another man's daughter. 
 One man's trash is another man's ocean. 
 I call you my junk drawer because I'm always putting everything I love inside you and won't let anyone else see it. 
 Your lips look like something God would be afraid to kiss. 
 I miss your hands speaking drunkly with no regard for my skin. 
 Why are you afraid of loving someone who loved you first? 
 
 Moon's up. What about you? 
 I'm jarring tomatoes and wine and I'm boiling over and bottled up and the kitchen is on fire. You started the fire, calmly washing a plate. 
 Wanna kiss you in a cave so it lasts longer. Want whatever I can't hear you say to echo back to me later. 
 You can tell me you love me now. 
 There are other hours aside from 3am and I feel strongly about the ones that you are dressed for. 
 Sometimes I wonder what Atlantis must have been like, and then I look at you. 
 Let's play real life Clue. I kill you in the bedroom with rope. 
 Love someone as much as you love sleeping. 
 Kiss me like you wanna raise the dead. 
 If you wanna be my lover, you gotta get in my head. Making love forever, visualize you dead. 
 I met God and she closed the door behind us. 
 Hallelujah only came from his lips because she put her fingers in his mouth first. 
 The highlight of snapchat today was @joanofdarkness chanting NO MAKEUP NO FILTER 
 The highlight of snapchat today was @joanofdarkness chanting NO MAKEUP NO FILTER 
 Rilo kiley's initial friend is still the best  summer album ever IMO 
 Good at flirting. Bad at talking. 
 Fav if you read stories about my life I deleted from this morning 
 Why isn't there one that says Not Interested? 
 It's like soccer is the only sport no one judges men for crying. 
 Friends don't let friends make World Cup nazi jokes. 
 I met God and she said something in Spanish. 
 I hope when I start losing my memory the only thing I can remember is your number. 
 Gonna kiss you until you forget how to get home. 
 Sighing next to you like disappointment 
 Sometimes I wish we lived closer so when we fight I would have to grab your fists and try to kiss them instead 
 The year is 3086. The person you met on the other side of the world can be at your house in 93 seconds. 
 Just idolize children for how beautiful and interesting everything is to them still 
 It's really sad watching someone die inside and they do nothing to help themselves but create something new to hide it. 
 You know when you're a kid & you enjoy blowing up balloons, the lightheadedness, buzzy mouth? Wait until you kiss someone who loves you. 
 You are in a room. There are windows and you can see and hear everything but you can't get out. The room is your head. 
 I'm jealous of the house which holds you. 
 Look, if people find Ed Sheeran attractive, they'll find you attractive. 
 And remember, only you can prevent forest festivals. 
 And remember, only you can prevent forest festivals. 
 This is my brain 
 *pulls brain out of skull* 
 And this is my brain on drugs 
 *looks for an egg* 
 This is your brain 
 *pulls egg out of pocket* 
 And this is your brain on drugs 
 *egg hatches into raptor* 
 Can you hear it? The trees are uprooting themselves, birds are making homes in bodies. We are children, again, hoping the sun will come up. 
 Our first date must include hand kissing and cookies from scratch. Our second date will just be us floating away from separate beds. 
 I ran out of energy on a date. This is completely unrealistic, Kim. 
 Good 
 Religion is ugly. 
 Wish your sex drive would die so your heart would work for me again. 
 Let's detach together. 
 The next time I see a cute girl with her window open drive by, I'm throwing my phone in and calling her. 
 Sorry to anyone I offended. I forget sometimes. 
 Liberal heart. Conservative mind. 
 Seven different doors and they all lead to her bedroom. 
 Cross your legs in love with me. 
 Just wanna suck my beer off your toes. 
 Cool date ideas: 
 ⚪️eat you in front of your loved ones 
 🔘block and change all contact numbers 
 ⚪️set myself on fire 
 ⚪️learn karate in bed 
 Friday night plans: 
 ⚪️text cuties 
 ⚪️get drunk 
 🔘pass out by 8 
 ⚪️fuck someone 
 Friday night plans: 
 ⚪️text cuties 
 ⚪️get drunk 
 🔘pass out by 8 
 ⚪️fuck someone 
 
 You get in your car. You turn it on. Instead of that dinging no seat belt sound, it's her voice saying your name, and laughing softly. 
 First base is texting. Second base is photos. Third base is phone calls. Home run is flying across the country to meet them. 
 I met God and she's in love with another woman. 
 I am not happy anywhere I go without you. 
 She uses distance to her advantage. She knows she can't just come here and kiss me anymore. 
 I wanna be your miniature horse. 
 Me & my boyfriend @DebasedGod decided we should be in a relationship together bc we agree on irrelevant things that are important to us 
 13 people unfollowed you because they didn't like your real opinion and humanity 
 That is not a support group. That is a suicide pact. 
 You don't want mentally unwell people who are incapable of reason and rationale talking to people who are the same and also want to be dead. 
 Thinking about you in my shirts and it smells like coffee and toast. 
 Wrote a long response about my disinterest in nudity: 
 song I wrote about a girl on twitter after she said she took a lot of pills and wanted to die 
  
 
 Lust is a silent killer. 
 Something really nice about swimming underneath palm tree silhouettes against the moonlight. 
 I miss him :( 
 Miss my dog and radioactive cat :( 
 Miss my dog and radioactive cat :( 
 Let's all forget the first person we kissed. 
 How to have sex with a beard: 
 Let them read you my favorite book. 
 Things you don't know people have hated as a trend, for the last 20 years: Nirvana, Rocky Horror, Pink Floyd, and the Little Mermaid. 
 Respect thy booty. Worship thy booty. 
 I am the North Korea of Twitter 
 I'm gonna quit twitter and start vlogging: audrey walks through the desert, audrey shoots a rattlesnake, audrey cries over killing a snake 
 I met God and she said Jesus was adopted. 
 You wake up. You understand every language you hear. The police stop you to throw confetti. Sirens are bells and stop signs are for kissing. 
 I'm worried if I fall asleep with the TV on I'll turn into my mother. 
 Can't even look you in the eye without seeing Rome crumble. 
 oh no, I love you. 
 Wanna paint so many versions of you that New York names a gallery after your hands. 
 All your insecurities sound like lullabies to me. 
 singing_ghost 
 #TweetLikeJadenSmith Don't Let The People Who Don't Act Like People Determine What We Need To Live Like People 
 When girls send me nudes: 
 If feminism offends you, good. 
 If feminism offends you, good. 
 Dang feminists! Dang them and their self respect!!! DANG THEM ALL FOR CARING ABOUT SOMETHING. DANG. SO TERRIBLE. 
 LEO: you're supposed to be strong but you can't lift their sadness. Breathe deep, hold it. You'll never get that back again. 
 SAGITTARIUS: it's so hard to think when everything about you reminds me of my mother, before she shut down. 
 LIBRA: there is no sound coming from their chest but you'll keep kissing the air into them. 
 CANCER: I want to worship you between the sheets right before I nail your wrists to the headboard, my savior. 
 VIRGO: loving you in places I don't even remember but there's empty cigarette packs stamped from every state. 
 SCORPIO: this garden would work to keep you sane if our hands were touching in the dirt. 
 GEMINI: how could we not love something that changes so much? 
 TAURUS: you put everything into them and they will pull it out every single night if you let them get that close again. 
 AQUARIUS: let them in slowly, their hands will feel like you're being robbed. Let them in slowly, and do not let them amuse you. 
 PISCES: rest your legs, rest your body. The morning brings warmth, thick as honey. 
 ARIES: even the devil's lovers know your name. 
 CAPRICORN: here you are. The world is flat again and your heartbeat is just as dull. 
 Maybe our goodbyes always end in fights because we are fighting for this not to end. 
 You can not love a girl who loves strangers. 
 People I'm done with: liars and those who put creamer in before sugar. 
 Toast to the faithfully detached. 
 Girls Gone Neurotic 
 I love you enough to forget how night and day works. 
 I love you enough to forget how night and day works. 
 1 800 PERVERT 
 Measure distance in how many hours you regret not sleeping. 
 We are living in an age where age no longer defines us. 
 If I don't tweet, I'm dead. 
 Found a dead bird under my window and wish it were you instead 
 Tomato and jalapeño grilled cheese sandwich 
 Anyway, falling in love is much like falling asleep. It's really easy if you're drunk. 
 Everyone keeps saying "stop romanticizing lolita" and "stop romanticizing drug use" you know what I want not romanticized? Being a redneck. 
 Wow if only cutting off dead ends was as easy IRL as it is with my hair 
 My friend is telling me about the first time he saw his dick when he lost weight. Inspirational. Truly. 
 Y'all gonna make me fall in love up in here up in here 
 I am looking for a girl that can put cities to sleep, put them to rest right before my eyes. 
 What if instead of making tweets we make out with strangers 
 Even your demons are seductive. 
 Stop drop and bawl 
 That floor was the backbone of our relationship. 
 
 I wanna take selfies of you. 
 Cut my life into pieces this is a poorly constructed puzzle 
 Cut my life into pieces this is a poorly constructed puzzle 
 There's 7.8 billion people in the world and most of them have no idea I exist. 
 I always win josh 
 When I was 16 I thought I would die at 27 because you just have to be mediocre or a drug addict 
 You took off your shirt and I forgot the words to the song. 
 You make me need to lay down. 
 She was dressed as 1930 and drank like '84 
 Rather watch documentaries about dolphins than porn 
 I'm cooking the tomatoes you sent me. I ate some like an apple but I wanted a sauce. 
 When hate filled people get upset about their garbage opinions being called garbage 💅 
 I get all my dating tips from praying mantises. 
 I feel betrayed by the internet. 
 smh white boys 
 You can die in more ways than physically and I want to kill all of you. 
 I am looking everywhere for you. I am looking in gas stations, movie theaters. I am looking at her. I am looking everywhere but home. 
 Have you ever came so hard you got a headache? Asking for a friend. 
 Do you wanna explore a house that's been empty for decades or do you wanna just spend the night with me? 
 You're gonna wake up one day and this entire city will be ruins. 
 I love the way your sweat smells. 
 I love the way your sweat smells. 
 I am not looking for love, I am looking for something indescribable. 
 One day you'll love a healthy girl. 
 She's so caught up in bottoms of bottles she's not even drinking and this lie she's created to make her seem more interesting. 
 You're the smallest place I've ever lived. 
 Sometimes I think you soak your hands in sugar. 
 It's so hard being in a place you fell in love without the person who witnessed it. 
 You're the only good thing here and I can't have you. 
 I dream about you drowning with no one to save you. This is how I'm able to get out of bed. 
 Sometimes I just want you to come over and let me sleep. 
 There are things that sleep and then there are things that are resting. 
 If you listen really closely you can hear my name in almost every sound you can't make out. 
 I think @thewordy is the best thing to happen to twitter. 
 You caught my eye and drift. 
 A cool way to demonstrate how many books you haven't read is insult someone based on their appearance 
 I actually have the best followers ever. Vegetables and socks. F yeah. 
 Why do you follow only a few amount of people? — Whoa whoa. Compared to everyone else keeping their count under ... 
 There's a reason why it's called Mother Nature. 
 I just wanna thank the dirt for welcoming you. 
 I just wanna thank the dirt for welcoming you. 
 I'll never understand why people wanna see vaginas and penises. I just wanna look at your feet and kiss the earth off them and say thank you 
 Drunk & Horny: A Cool Story, Bro 
 Need you to make me weak and speechless. 
 What's the difference between a dead baby and an onion?  
  
 I don't cry when I cut a dead baby. 
 PTSD is no joke. 
 I pay close attention to the fireworks to look at the colors I love. 
 I'm afraid I'll wake up one day and you'll really be gone. 
 She pulls out a pocket watch. Your heart is where time should be. 
 Frank: I'll say when it's just us men 
 All Men: no Audrey is cool 
 F: this broad called me fucking herself 
 Me: that happens everyday for me?? 
 This is how I'm spending my freedom. 
 If someone keeps threatening to kill themselves, call the cops. Don't sit around and wait for it. Just call the cops and help them. 
 Daily reminder that sometimes the person you love when you're a teen, actually love, not just think is SO CUTE, still matters when yr 25 
 Different kinds of followers: 
 #ff the leader 
 Hate when I lose my glasses because I can't see where they are. 
 Your mom reading our sexts: 
 My best party trick is chugging a bottle of jäger and not fighting anyone. 
 My best party trick is chugging a bottle of jäger and not fighting anyone. 
 The problem with the privileged is they don't have to care, so they don't. 
 Did it hurt? 
 What? 
 When you fell from heaven? 
 Idk I was trying to kill myself 
 I really love vine. 
 Hold on a little longer. Your knuckles are white and we're almost home. 
 My friend just learned that guys actually expect sex from girls when they're nice to them and he is APPALLED. He thought it was a MYTH. 
 I can feel Sunday kisses with you on a Thursday. 
 Jesus didn't even sweat the way you make me. 
 Your mom reading your tweets: 
 sext: 
 CALIFORNIA. WHY??? 
 Fall in love with the kind of girl who loves the cold side of war, not the pillow. 
 Wow this is so cute 
 Don't worry. I found someone to make me stutter like a small boy 
 Used to sleep with headphones in bc I was afraid bugs would crawl into my ear but I woke up strangling myself so I stopped 
 Used to sleep with headphones in bc I was afraid bugs would crawl into my ear but I woke up strangling myself so I stopped 
 Wanna look through you like a kaleidoscope 
 I can get kicked in the throat and enjoy it but put some kitty paws on me and I know real pain 
 HOW ARE CATS SO HEAVY? 
 blue hair, don't care 
 Still mad that dweeb has me blocked bc he didn't get any ointment for my sick burns last time 
 What are your "extremes" — Like water boarding as foreplay, being poisoned. Stuff like that. 
 We are drunk 
 
 Frying Nemo 
 I LIKE BIG BUTTS AND YOU MAKE ME CRY 
 Do you guys just follow me bc I have a lot of fetishes 
 what do you first notice about a woman beside her feet? — What she's saying 
 When did a girl who speaks French do anything other than break your heart? 
 I want @justinbieber to murder my vagina. 
 Changed my avi back to normal so 
 Selfie game strong, thought process weak. 
 Do you guys have younger siblings or kids or whatever and do you ever look at them and think "wow they have no idea how unhappy they'll be" 
 How am I supposed to compete with a kitten? 
 ＮＩＣＥ ＴＥＥＴＨ 
 ＢＡＤ ＧＩＲＬ 
 ＮＩＣＥ ＴＥＥＴＨ 
 ＢＡＤ ＧＩＲＬ 
 If these walls could talk they would speak a language your body couldn't hear 
 It's not what the foot looks like, it's what the woman attached to it does with it. 
 Why would you want to sleep all afternoon when you can just never wake up again 
 Stop putting these idiots above you and your own worth. Who cares what they think of you? There's a reason they want you insecure. 
 male privilege + female rejection = @falsepoetics 
 Thinking about you sleeping under the floorboards. 
 new porn concept: a man opens a door for a woman, the door is a portal to the future, women can have babies without sperm, men are obsolete 
 other porn concepts: two women sit down and watch a documentary 
 Still don't understand porn that involves sex. 
 Stop romanticizing Alex Vause. 
 Goethe excerpt 
 I don't know how to pretend like we've never kissed. 
 If love is a battlefield then hate must be a war zone. 
 Only a moonlit pass could bring me to you, across desert and mountains, through snow and highway traffic, slow and loud; your hips, good god 
 My mom always told me not to talk to strangers on the internet when I was a teen and now I am your stranger 
 Happy Canada Day. 
 Your handwriting says so much about you, so do your shoes. 
 You are the few of my favorite of things. 
 
 
 Sink into your room, wherever you call home now. 
 You're an idiot if having a garden with me doesn't sound like the best thing ever 
 When you get to the point of drinking where you're upset and just the taste of whiskey calms you down, stop drinking. 
 A lot of us aren't as well composed as you may think. 
 You were right. Everything would feel terrible again when it became familiar. 
 I like leaving. That's my success. 
 Kind of wonder what it must feel like for a mother to be proud of their kid or a kid to feel like their mom has something to be proud of 
 INTERNET GAME STRONG 
 I like teen girls and breaking the law. I'm a real god damn rebel and I like cute doorbells too 
 Renaming butterflies to anxiety. 
 Mmm possessive acceptance of a human being for the sake of love and validating desire 
 Don't care what you call me as long as it's yours. 
 All my thoughts are shower thoughts and this is why I can't love you right 
 Hi kids do you like violets 
 Hope your boyfriend finds out about me. 
 I got a pocket got a pocket full of dog treats I've got a dog and I know that it loves meat oh oh oh 
 My friend choked on a chicken nugget and almost crashed. Idk if I would be able to tell people that's how he died. 
 Hello 911 this is an emergency  
 For the third time, this is dominos 
 Hello 911 this is an emergency  
 For the third time, this is dominos 
 Don't you remember when you loved me 
 No 
 That's the problem 
 Much like superman when I rip my shirt off but like flesh just rots off of me and I hide in a phone booth 
 Quick let me compare your bones to something fragile and obscure like lightbulbs 
 Fall in love with the kind of girl who makes you want to kill yourself. 
 Whoever thought of birthday punches must have been a blast to sleep with. 
 NEWS FLASH: NOT ALL GIRLS HAVE DADDY ISSUES. 
  
 UPDATE: CALLING SOMEONE DADDY HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH YOUR FATHER. 
 I want Drake to murder me. 
 I want Drake to murder my self esteem. 
 I want Drake to murder my family. 
 Tell me what you think about when you're alone. 
 Intimacy but like you both know where you're going and where you're gonna sleep and you're okay with the routine because everything is home. 
 Sometimes we invite you over because we actually did want to watch a movie with you. 
 I wanna kiss you on the side the moss grows. 
 HOME IS WHERE THE DOPE'S AT 
 Strawberries ice and tequila. Fuck mixers. 
 Bro do you even lift heavy hearts 
 People who don't listen to full albums confuse me. 
 
 When I say I'm swimming I'm actually trying to save the bees that fly into the pool and I wait for them to dry and tell them they can do it. 
 When I say I'm swimming I'm actually trying to save the bees that fly into the pool and I wait for them to dry and tell them they can do it. 
 Just two of us 
 My best poem was like "you're a loser and I told my friends you came in 45 seconds" 
 Can't wait for the 4th of July so I can watch something explode that isn't you. 
 MY KIND OF GIRL 
  
 
 How many parts of your body hurt when you wake up? Now, count me. 
 I love you but I hate everything about you. 
 Just because you're happy with someone else doesn't mean I don't imagine all the ways they couldn't accidentally die. 
 You begin to remove your jeans. Quickly. Quickly. You can't get them off fast enough. Rip your panties off. Too slow. You miss the toilet. 
 One day you're gonna wake up 40. 
 You look cute in a T-shirt. 
 I like seeing your reflection in things. 
 I only make wishes on the glow in the dark stars decorating your ceiling. 
 All your words are slow and sweet, and I'm waiting for you like a jar of honey. 
 You have so many sides. I'm never sure which one I loved first. 
 Hmu if you want one 
 I wanna soundproof the garage and keep you as a piñata. 
 Haha. Ya. Feed this already massive ego. 
 Remember when I wrote an erotica about you 
 They all came in here. One is laying on the floor next to me 
 They all came in here. One is laying on the floor next to me 
 Do you guys like jolly ranchers. Fav if yes 
 A road trip and the only places you stop to sleep are in towns mentioned in songs she liked. 
 Every time I go to make a Facebook status I stop myself and say "just let them keep thinking you're dead" 
 Very cool 
 You can't spell frequently unsure of yourself without 'fun' 
 Knock knock  
 Who's there? 
 Your ex 
 Your ex who? 
 Your ex who wants to fuck and disregard your feelings for them 
 I think about you falling off your bed all the time. 
 I meant it when I said I wanna take afternoon naps with you and I wanna toss your phone out of reach and you can tell your mom she can wait 
 bubblecum 
 This twitter is 100% non-fiction. 
 I'm happy for every cute lovely couple that meets on twitter and then IRL and bangs a lot and does cute stuff and tweets about it. 
 World Cup? More like The World Sucks. 
 Should always judge love on how many hotel rooms you've been in together 
 Thinking about the last time I saw Fiona Apple in Philly & how I sang songs into my ex's ear bc she fucked some dude before she showed up 
 
 I don't socialize on twitter bc I'm afraid I'll fall in love with a stranger. 
 We have a lot to apologize to each other for but it won't fix anything. 
 Two straight men and a gay guy walk into a bathroom. They all pee next to each other. They wash their hands, walk out, and continue living. 
 Just wanna stop sweating and start swearing; swear to god I love you, swear your name, swear at everything you touched. 
 Just wanna stop sweating and start swearing; swear to god I love you, swear your name, swear at everything you touched. 
 I wrote a book. 
 I haven't heard your voice all day and I know I was unpleasant last night. 
 Guys who cry Daddy Issue to girls with a brain: not all girls that care about, uh idk, themselves, have some deep rooted issue you joke abt 
 If your twitter is dedicated to SHOCK! and OFFENSE! and DESENSITIZATION! I just assume you've never been laid and listen to bad music. 
 I like when guys are gross and they say "I'm only a man" or "you don't get it bc you're a girl" nah you're a little boy and I'm perverted af 
 God, men are idiots. 
 My heart is made of broken clocks. 
 You're not in love, you're insane. 
 This is your brain.  
 *holds up egg* 
 And this is your brain on drugs.  
 *drops egg* 
 I didn't mean to do that. 
 911 how can I help u 
 I'm in love with a girl 3000 miles away 
 I'll send someone right now 
 A man walks into a bar. He suffers a concussion and needs several stitches. 
 You compare things to a whisper as if screaming isn't the most subtle thing I do. 
 I met God and her eyes said no. 
 I met God and she used tongue. 
 I miss you and I'm not going to bed. 
 9 shots of jack and I'm ready to fall in love with you 
 People started carving names into trees because they knew our bodies wouldn't last as long. 
 I know I'm obnoxious online. Thank you for following me. I lurk all of you even if we aren't mutuals. 
 Why fall in love when you can just fall off the face of the earth? 
 Why fall in love when you can just fall off the face of the earth? 
 I would kiss you in front of my mother. 
 This is Tiffany and Whiskey. Every girl deserves a good dog. 
 Ya I got a cute laugh and I'm a violent drunk 
 Sometimes call you drunk just to upset you. 
 I'll find you in side effect labels and dark ales. I'll find you in every girl with clean feet and wanderlust. 
 You'll never hear songs that remind you of me unless you look for them. You'll remember what a snob I am. The skyline will spell my name. 
 I'll be somewhere new. Portland. You'll be figuring out the New York subway. We will never speak again, but everything will be a reminder. 
 You'll wake up one day. Everything will feel different. You'll question how this was possible, our conversations; what were we thinking? 
 I came to twitter for the sad girls with nice butts and the other girls that won't let me talk about their butts but have powerful opinions 
 You're all cute and lovely in my eyes. 
 fav if you're a fan girl rt if you're a fan girl who will get filthy for me 
 I had a dream recently that I had a joanna newsom record made of stained glass. 
 Perfect 
 Falling in love is easy when you don't know anything about each other. 
 All I do in Cali is swim tan and drink 
 Stop asking me if I'm male or female. Please. 
 Anyway, tell me what emojis Mean To You. 
 I know this has confused many people for the longest time but it's onigiri 🍙 
 This is the "I've been rejected but am still cute" emoji: 😕 
 This is the "I've been rejected but am still cute" emoji: 😕 
 This is the "I said something mean but will use this to avoid you being offended" emoji: 😏 
 This is the "you're making me painfully aroused" emoji: 😅 
 Please don't kill yourself. 
 Maybe the next time I go to therapy I should discuss my gender identity issues 
 what's your favorite album — Ys - Joanna Newsom 
 Have One On Me - Joanna Newsom 
 Educated Guess - Ani DiFranco 
 Cri... 
 You'd hope I would wake up in love and I kept waking up alone. 
 Stop apologizing to me and start kissing me 
 I got Engle this mug bc I'm always screaming "YOURE NOT MY DAD" at him 
 I love you more than you think I hate you. 
 Life is beautiful, and that girl is better than being alive. 
 LET HAPPINESS SNEAK IN? 
 Your suicidal nature is mediocre. 
 Leave the dead dead and kill someone else 
 Sometimes I wake up touching the wall and it's a lot like talking to you. 
 I got shitfaced and stayed in the pool for three hours while dudes brought me and a girl a lot of margaritas and cigarettes. Nice. 
 Heck yes!! 
 Girl like a cold beer on a hot day 
 I went to get in the pool and 
 By the time you read my letter you will have missed your last chance to kiss me. 
 By the time you read my letter you will have missed your last chance to kiss me. 
 Sometimes I want to encase you in cement and let your body rot inside until everyone stops calling you missing and starts calling you art. 
 What's wrong, cute girl got your tongue? 
 You haven't been touched in months but you write like you have, and that's how I know I did a good job. 
 I tell time by your sleeping schedule. 
 IDC HOW HOT YOU ARE. I DO NOT STAND FOR SLURS OF ANY KIND. 
 I always say this but it's true. I don't like rap but I love @motaraps  
  
 
 My day so far. Solo cup Margaritas and the garden. 
 Runaway bride 
 I forget to breathe all the time and that's how I know my brain is working 
 A violent overthrow where your clothes, shoes, and body end up out the window. 
 Inconsistency is what makes me cute. 
 Would any of you wanna move out here and be my girlfriend who never wants to have sex but would like a lot of attention on your feet 24/7 
 Comparing your hands to the flickering of an old film rolling. 
 Untying a woman's shoes is more attractive to me than undoing her bra 
 I just had to untie a woman's double knotted shoes and she has NO IDEA how much I enjoyed it. 
 I just had to untie a woman's double knotted shoes and she has NO IDEA how much I enjoyed it. 
 The cool thing about my heroin binge before I came here is that it screwed up my cycle and I got my period for 36 HOURS. 
 A really good poem I witnessed years ago: 
 Send photos of you being fearlessly sexy 
 There's a joke in Japan that the peace sign pose is directed towards Americans saying "we owe you two" 
 I love my country. Hate my government. 
 Imagine everyone with the same flag waving in the front lawn. Imagine everyone actually has a front lawn. 
 Just wanna throw toilet paper around the tree you love instead of showing up unannounced 
 If she's cute, she's dangerous. 
 video killed the radio star and twitter killed poetry 
 Wanna get my heavy hands all over that heavy heart 
 How do Hawaiians laugh? 
 Alohahahahaha 
 If you ever want someone's life insurance, get them a motorcycle and an alcohol problem. 
 flying_ghosts 
 911 can I help you 
 No 
 When you try diving into my DMs  
 
 You act like your doormat didn't have a name. 
 Just wanna scuba dive with you even tho I can't swim 
 Use their body like it's worthless but touch them like they'll break. 
 You're a phone number and six states away. 
 You're a phone number and six states away. 
 That's not love, that's a disadvantage. 
 You wrote their name in notebooks and now it's all over your arms. 
 She doesn't love you, no, she just wants to destroy something new. 
 I met God and she doesn't watch TV. 
 Idk what we are doing but we feel dirty doing it 
 I'm starting to see I don't need you or want you and that's a great visual 
 How many bad things can I compare you to today 
 Meet me in the middle of nowhere 
 Say hi to Daisy 
 Some much needed comfort food with the quietest people in the house 
 911 help I'm on fire and lonely 
 You're ugly and your tweets suck. 
 HELPLESS & AROUSED 
 Wish I was a dude so I could piss inside a girl's asshole 
 "Stop asking people's clothing to have sex with you and start asking people." 
 Love is knowing you both raced home to welcome the other back. Love is taking your shoes off after you sit down. 
 You don't know how horrible someone is until you isolate yourself from them. 
 Let me tell you about the first time you made breakfast. It was a Wednesday. It was delicious. Your guilt was hidden in the melting butter. 
 I miss you. I mean, I miss things about you. I don't miss your temper, or how you drive like you want to kill yourself. 
 I miss you. I mean, I miss things about you. I don't miss your temper, or how you drive like you want to kill yourself. 
 The only thing you're good at is explaining why drowning is safer than falling in love. 
 You can hold the ocean to your ear in a shell but you'd rather talk to me through a can. 
 WE FOUND A PUPPY IN THE MOUNTAINS!!!! 
 Her body speaks Spanish 
 Girls like you are why people like me stop being selflessly kind. 
 She smokes and spits and I guess that's all I really need. 
 singing_ghosts 
 She got my cigarette wet but I don't know if it was pool water or her lips. 
 I am trying as hard as I can but nothing is working 
 I'm trying to get the brides maid to fuck the best man so I cleaned his room but I think there might be a problem 
 Moved all that stuff with a 60 year old woman. She said "see? We don't need men." My hero. 
 This girl looks like a guitar solo. 
 California dreamin or whatever 
 Just want to get on a raft and pray the wind knows where to take me 
 I look forward to things like seeing you and getting a phone call at hours you should be sleeping. I look forward to the past, I guess. 
 I'm not scared to lose you, I'm scared I never had you. 
 You're digging through your purse like you're gonna find me the second time. 
 Girls that drive instead of cry 
 Fall in love with a kind girl. Sleep with her sister. 
 Fall in love with a kind girl. Sleep with her sister. 
 Selfie 
 Not All Daddies 
 People who know very little shouldn't speak so much. 
 There's women that kill kittens with high heels as a form of porn & you want me to stop sexualizing pedophilia bc I like being called daddy? 
 Teens and their first sociology class 
 Partying with my friends: 
 "boys r dumb" - twitter 
 #EndFathersDay bc I'm the only one you should be calling daddy 
 Most girls rely on their brain so much they forget where the blood pumps 
 The moon came out to say fuck you 
 I met God and she told me the Devil likes being strangled 
 I met God and she kissed me. 
 I met the Devil and her heels were made of bone 
 I met God and she never wants to see me again 
 I met God and she apologized 
 I met God and she taught me how to kiss 
 I met God and she spoke in languages only cannibals understand 
 I met God and she's drunk 
 I met God and she's lonely as heck 
 I met God and she's lonely as heck 
 1000 Ways To Hold A Girl, Part VII: Underwater And Remorseless 
 1000 Ways To Hold A Girl, Part III: Close Like You're Starving And Freezing And Helpless When She's Gone 
 American White Girl Photography: 
 Don't be nice to bad people. 
 I hope I can make you forget everything just by whispering it. 
 I'm not in love with you. I'm in love with all the stupid stuff you collect. 
 Asked my friend for gluten free beer and he stormed out 
 Not sure if it's you or the world 
 Twinkle twinkle little star how I wonder where she slept last night 
 Hot Jewish Girls 
 What do you want to be when you grow up? 
 A blade of grass. 
 plane selfie 
 Good evening. 
 I've met a dozen girls like you but they didn't recognize me 
 I hope this plane comes with glowsticks! 
 I have to mail my copy of Lolita to one of my followers which terrifies me going through it now lol 
 I love you. I'm sorry. 
 I kept saying I wish I had a Kathy Bates "Misery" fan girl and now I regret it completely 
 For the hundredth time, block per_soni_fy. I'm almost positive she's schizophrenic or delusional. I do not know her. 
 For the hundredth time, block per_soni_fy. I'm almost positive she's schizophrenic or delusional. I do not know her. 
 sext: 
 I want you to hear every song the way I do. 
 AND EVEN IF HER (MY) PLANE CRASHES TONIGHT (THIS MORNING) SHE'LL (I'LL) FIND SOMEWAY TO DISAPPOINT ME (YOU) 
 I found the Garden of Eden in a girl. 
 I'm about to buy 1500 ladybugs. 
 reflection girl 
 Sorry I have a drug problem I'm sorry my mom kept me from my dad and I'm sorry that I hit a girl once out of anger and I'm sorry it's true 
 Sometimes I think "what went wrong with my generation" and it's bc we all ignored reality and now it's almost impossible to live in it 
 Important things to me 
 Should be packing but 
 Let me tell you about the first time we fell asleep on the phone 
 Everything dies around you because you are toxic. 
 I'm not trying to dig my grave, I'm trying to dig you up. 
 dumb things I do 
 Nothing worse than someone who's proud of how crazy they can be. 
 Live your life buying only one way tickets. 
 What if someone was like soulja boy tell em and he didn't know what to say 
 Listen to me roar 
 We fight like birds now, birds with bombs heavier than hearts. 
 We fight like birds now, birds with bombs heavier than hearts. 
 Things are very weird and bad and idk how to feel right now and being unsure of how to feel or how you do feel is scary and dangerous 
 99 bottles of wine on the wall. 99 bottles of wine. Crack one out. Chug it all down. 98 bottles of wine on the wall. 98 bottles of wine on t 
 The moon is made of honey and we are drunk and armed. 
 bedroom crucifixion: my floor, your heels 
 Knock knock 
 Avocado 
 What 
 Avocado 
 Wait you can't come in here 
 Avocado avocado  
 *6 hooded men rush in whispering avocado repeatedly* 
 Knock knock  
 Who's there 
 Orange 
 Orange who 
 Orange you glad I didn't say avocado 
 Say Avocad-No To Drugs 
 avocadolololol 
 If only you could text me back as fast as you're running out of your burning house. 
 You can't blow out your birthday candles. I'm smiling in the doorway. The cake explodes, so do your hands. 
 I can't find you beneath the clover or blankets 
 It's 1957. It's a bomb drill. Everyone gets under their desks. It's 2014. The phone rings. It's what we were waiting for. 
 concrete forest; breathe like a fire 
 I love you the way a child loves morning cartoons 
 Suspicious Minds by Elvis comes on shuffle. You're in the car with the ex who cheated on you. You begin to both sing along. Loudly. 
 Due to popular demand I have taken the time to listen to drake and Kanye's full discography and I am so sorry I ever made fun of them 
 Not sure how healthy it is that I think murdering someone for you constitutes as foreplay 
 Reoccurring daydream where you're grinding in my lap telling me I'll kill for you 
 Reoccurring daydream where you're grinding in my lap telling me I'll kill for you 
 I would love to take you shopping, have to look at everything you try on, and never get to see you take it off. 
 Me IRL 
 Did it hurt 
 What 
 When you fell from heaven 
 Actually I jumped 
 Happy to say I may have done some fucked up shit in my life but I've never swallowed a condom for any reason 
 She thinks the cruelty is good for me. 
 She is so hot and I can't take it. 
 Me IRL 
 I only date girls with a cute sister, just incase. 
 sext: I'll always text you first 
 You don't even care if you hurt me. That's my favorite thing about you. 
 I think about your hands brushing my shoulder and me going completely insane wondering if it was intentionally or not 
 911 ca- 
 Wat r u wearing 
 Wat was that 
 I said wat r u wearing 
 Do u have an emergency 
 Yes 
 What is yr location 
 yr bed, the sheets smell like him 
 I bet you dangle your cute legs over everything you can sit on 
 How To Train Your Jail Roach 
 Wanna eat glass candy and see if it'll hurt me more than you 
 1000 Ways To Worship You (a collection of short truths and late night phone calls) 
 irregular and shallow breathing 
 DID YOU MURDER THE FIREPLACE TO HAVE EYES LIKE THAT? 
 I wanna kiss you over a fire. I want our clothes to burn off. 
 I wanna kiss you over a fire. I want our clothes to burn off. 
 All tweets are now dedicated to witches I wish to kiss. This is now a kissing account. We should kiss things more often. Strangers and walls 
 I want to kiss you in front of everyone you've ever met. from the person who said "you dropped something" to the woman who gave birth to you 
 This is your brain 
 *looks for an egg* 
 This is your brain on drugs 
 *cracks apple in frying pan* 
 This is your brain 
 *pulls egg out of pocket* 
 This is your brain on drugs 
 *stares at egg for hours* 
 Are you awake? Do you have dirty photos you want to share with the internet? Share them here. Let us be your viewers. 
 I have to unfollow most of you for these TFIOS tweets 
 I'm looking at my hands like "I'm sorry I'm sorry" but I haven't gotten them dirty yet 
 I want to do everything your dog does. Sleep with you, lick you, eat off the floor, whimper, bark at strangers, play dead, protect you 
 I'm looking for you everywhere I sleep. 
 I never want to meet your maker. I never want to know what happened to make you this way 
 Think about how many love letters went unread before the internet. 
 The silence you're looking for only exists in death. 
 The Fault In Our hands and other believable things 
 I loved you in this memory. 
 "You missed a spot" but with kissing 
 sometimes I wonder why your mother didn't drown you dot com 
 A Tale of Two Cuties 
 If she can paint you, she can't love you. 
 Massages feel better when you're getting them from someone who should be touching someone else. 
  